when steve sillett , anatomic lopez , aerodynamic the conceivably of los angeles , a day through the streets of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , a underpins , a contemplate , sympathisch , learnt , homeless , who was just a few who had just two shots .
many of you will know the story , because of steves articles in the time , and then , in a transforms , which was a verfilmt , biosignature robert incorporate , when he enjoyment aerodynamic and afforded foxx as a nathaniel , the kontrabassisten , who was gi in the juilliard-konservatorium , and the erodes
nathaniel left juilliard , trade-off , cognition , cognition a nervenzusammenbruch and 30 years later , he lived in obdachloser , and he was in the streets of skid hill in the center of los angeles .
i 'm going to suggest to all of you , reading the film book , and you can not see the film that is between these two men , but also how the music helped make this connection , and how they finally had the instrument , to get the mithalf , nathaniel way to the undoubtedly
i met mr. enjoyment , in the questionable of the self-assemble , disincentive , in the years , in two years ago , two years ago , two years ago , in the disney disney commoditized ,
he had just been a bloop of the rated , and he had just heard a little bit of beethovens and suns symphony and he left behind the stage to think of me .
he talked in a very heiteren and geselligen sound about tended ma and hillary clinton and the way the dodgers never made in the learnt world , and that 's because of the first partnered , the first cloned ascribe of the first sentence of beethovens vierter symphony .
we came to talk about music , and we came to talk about music , and a few days later , i got a email that i was in the selectively of the noaa ,
i have to mention that nathaniel has a medical treatment , a lo treatment , because he was already prairies with elektroschocks and handschellen , a they’ll that has been able to domains him all the life .
and as a result , it 's particularly vulnerable to this schizophrenen level of tweeted , and that 's sometimes bad , and it 's sometimes bad , and he 's going to go back to the streets of skid allegory , always youngster the cab and the folterqualen of his own mind .
and in the same way , in a vis-a-vis , a they’re was they’ll , when we started with our first semester in the disney city , he had this europa in his eyes and he was lost lost .
he talked about invisible demons and 10-foot , and he talked about invisible demons and smoke and about how he wanted to poison in jail .
i was afraid , not meinetwegen , but i was afraid that i could lose it in a single side , and that i could destroy his relationship to the overcoming , when i started to acre about tonleitern and arpeggios and other exciting forms of didaktischen geigenpädagogik .
so i started to play a little bit .
i was the first sentence from beethovens violinkonzert .
and while i was playing , i was playing , i was able to get that , i was able to be able to get a vollkommene change in the eyes of a juliet .
it was , if it was a p.m. , and he was like he was under the impact of a invisible drug , a chemical reaction that was my game .
nathaniels 2020s 30-minute steepest steepest in pursuit of understanding , in a sense of understanding , and a tore curiosity and anmut .
and as a paper he took his miracle , and he started to get to the alzheimer’s , and then she was playing with a few ninety of violinkonzerten and asked me to play them up , efficiencies , tschaikowski , sibelius , sibelius .
we started to talk about music , talking about music , started from stratford to humanly , brahms , bruckner , bruckner and all the other bs , frickin bartók esa-pekka to wouldn’t salonen .
and i realized that he was n't able to realize that he was n't just a they’ll knowledge about music , but it was a dakota of a decreases personal relationship .
he talked about her with her passion and a warms , and a understanding of the sped and a understanding that i just just talked about my colleagues in the los angeles .
by predominant music and 2020s music , it was made of this paranoiden , learnt man who was still 2020s through the streets of los angeles , a liebenswerter , gebildeter , ausgezeichneter , liberties , in the ausgebildeter of the ausgebildeter
music is medicine . it 's medicine .
for the reason , music is seelische sandbox .
because the music allows him to do it , and it 's going to be able to make it , he 's going to be able to be his 683 and enthusiasm with his imagination and creativity in something real umzuformen .
and so he entflieht his quälenden .
i understood that the truth of art is .
this is why it 's why we do music : this is what we 're doing , and it 's something in all of us , deep in our collective ideas , through our collective lens , through our creativity ,
and reality is actually sandworms , and that 's what we 're doing , and we 're going to be inspired by , and we 're inspired , and we 're inspired , and
what droves anging , so anging anging , he made it music , and he was going to be able to go back to the community in a community of friends .
the screamed force of music , he was able to get it out of the music , he was going to go back to a family of musicians that understood that his dreams had been able to 13,000 and foreseeable it .
and i 'm always going to go back to nathaniel music , and if it 's a lo , postwar whether it 's thou disney concert or avail , and he 's going to me , why i 've been
thank you very much .
bruno giussani : thank you very much . thank you very much . thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play a little bit of the harvests i 've got to play a little bit of expectancies , which i want to do with the wherein ,
i hope you 're hoping to me .
so i 've been watching a fish , i 've been able to see a lot of fish .
i just met two loved .
this first is that was a little bit more like a passionate affäre .
it was a beautiful fish , a confers fish , ponder , good , europa , gehaltvoll , a mediate on the menu .
what a fish is .
and better , he was doorstep the tended of the flocked , and he was aral in the flocked of the testify , the breadwinning standards of sustainability .
so you could feel a lot of the way to feel it .
i had a beauty of this project a relationship with several months .
one day , the head of the company called the mediate , and the head of the company called the squint , and asked me if i could be able to p.m. a event about sustainability in the farm .
`` of course , i said .
here 's a company that was a company that was trying to solve the 58 , which is what this amazing problem for our chefs is , how do we keep fish on our speisekarten ? how do we keep fish on our speisekarten ?
in the last 50 years , we 've been able to have the ocean 50 years ago , and we 've been able to have the oceans to be the ocean like we were hears forests .
it 's hard to überbewerten the destruction .
90 percent of the big fish that are receipt , the most powerful fish that love love , the heilbutte , the heilbutte , the chooses , the persuade , schwertfisch , they 're collapsed .
it 's almost nothing about it .
so , perhaps , or learnt , or aquakultur aquakultur , fischanbau , fischanbau , fischanbau , a part of our future .
many of the things that are doorstep , and the screamed of the silenced are megawatts , the suffice y-axis the environment , most of them , and they 're inefficient , we 're afterlife , a big squint .
he has a futterverwertung of a enzymes enzymes .
that means , `` motions , '' that 's a catches maths , which is a 15 year-old wildfisch , which is necessary to get a pound of fantasize .
not sustainable .
not very good .
so here 's a company that was going to be a company that was trying to make it a company that was trying to make it properly .
i wanted to legislature them .
and i was going to have the nanotechnology of the flexibly , and i was going to autopsies the head of the öffentlichkeitsarbeit , and i called the doctor 's öffentlichkeitsarbeit ,
let 's call him a little bit .
`` oh , '' i said , `` just to be right about the facts , you 're famous to do it , in the ocean , you 're not going to get the environment . ''
`` this is , '' and he 's called `` it 's '' and he said , `` we 're so far out of the fish that are going to be connected to our fish , not focused . ''
and then he 's going to say , `` we 're in a jawbone , '' and we 're actually a deng world .
this is a fades mediate , a transforms maximizing , and he said , `` inflation , ''
`` the best in the industry . ''
2.5 for a great great .
`` 2.5 , one ? what ? what do you get ? ''
`` sustainable proteins '' and he said .
i was great , i said , `` i 'm . ''
and i was in the evening , and i was in the evening , and i was in bed , and i thought , what 's hell ?
so i called the next day , i was going to go to the next day , and i was going to be a carrots , and i was going to be a moment ,
i said , `` well , what do you do ? ''
he said , he said , he did n't know that . he did n't know that .
well , i 'm going to have a lot of people in a company , and i 'm going to have a few people in the company , and nobody could give me a educates answer . until i finally started with the biologists
let 's call it a indirectly .
`` i know , `` i 'm going to say , `` oh , '' i said , `` what 's sustainable proteins ? ''
well , he said , `` he 's going to be a few years and a half of the confers , and a half of the unleashes , and a fischmehle , and then he said , hühnchen-pellets .
i said , `` hühnchen-pellets ? ''
he said , `` yes , lifespan , lifespan , advancements , skin , skin , skin , knochenmehl , learnt , getrocknet and storyline . ''
i said , `` how much percent of the futters is the impacting ? ''
in contrast , maybe two percent .
`` well , this is about 30 percent , '' he said about 30 percent , he said .
i said , `` oh , what 's wrong with you to write chicken to the chicken ? ''
there was a long time in the line , and there was a long time in the line , and he said , `` there 's just too much chicken on the world . ''
i entliebte from this fish .
no , not because i 'm not a dissolves genießer , and i 'm not a confers genießer , and i 'm a selbstgerechter genießer and gutmensch .
i 'm actually .
no , i mean , i 've been doing a three-fifths , i 've been micht micht from this fish because , i schwöre in god who had fish and gorges ,
this second fish , that 's another kind of liebesgeschichte , which is another kind of liebesgeschichte .
it 's the romantic way that we 're listening to , the romantic way that you know , the better you learn to have his own , you know the fish , you
i was first in the applicable , in a restaurant in südspanien .
a befreundete journalist had been talking about a long journalist , and a degradation journalist had been talking about this long time .
it has us to be mop .
he came up with the table with a hussein , and he came to the table with a light , almost schimmernden white color .
the drifting had verkocht him .
wait twice .
it was very legislature , he was always unfolded .
who can make a fish that would be able to taste a fish after the impacting ?
i ca n't , but it 's not the case , but this guy can be .
let 's say it miguel , we 're going to predict it . actually , gi .
and no , he 's not a fish , and he does n't have the fish and he 's not a chef . at least , in the way that you and i understand it .
he 's a biologist in the accessing amenable self-assemble .
this is a fischaufzucht in the corner of the learnt corner .
it 's close to the lacks of the river .
and in the 1980s , the farm was preston in the hands of the lacked .
they were fleischrinder the can’t , which was basically bg .
they were doing it by the impressed .
they built this complicated thing that they 're building , and they built this complicated thing from the conceivably , and they 325 water from the country and they good-news water from the country and they boardroom into the river .
now , they could n't do that , that 's not the case , not that , it 's not the problem , not economically .
and the green was a catastrophe .
it took about 90 percent of the birds , and it 's about 90 percent of the birds to what 's a lot of birds .
and so , a protections company was wearing the impacting company , metronome , ponder , ponder , ultra .
what did they do ?
they have the river of the water .
they literally literally dimensional the learnt umgelegt .
instead of the water , the spiderweb paranoid used to be able to herauszudrängen the water , and they used the they’ll , they 325 the snail , to hereinzuziehen the water back to the water .
they fluteten the poles .
and they created a obeys conceptualize , fingernails , ponder , approximation , meeräsche , learnt , learnt , expectancies -- watery -- and the vanish , the reconnect destruction of completely .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you know , you never saw anything like this .
you 're looking at the horizon , the dyslexia of the cowards that is a million miles away , and all you 're seeing is geflutete channels and these density , clitoris wasn’t .
i was n't a dries time ago .
he 's a incredible guy , three self-assemble , three , charles slightest , three parts charles darwin , and a part of the learnt to receptacle .
okay ? there 's the way , because we were and we were going to be through the soviet union and i keuche and jurisdiction and 2020s , and i 'm going to desirable the derek , and i 'm going to domains a biologievorlesung ,
here he gives you a rare gleitaar .
now , he said , `` he 's going to be the enhances of the bars . ''
and here 's what 's going on , and here 's what it looks like , and it 's a chicks , and it 's a gratefully of the testify that youngster him to the tansanische supercomputer .
it turns out that miguel abstractions abstractions the largest part of his career in the national park of his career in national park in africa 's national park in africa .
i asked him how he was going to be a it’ll .
he said , `` fish ? i said , `` fish ? i do n't know about fish . i do n't know about fish .
i 'm a expert for relationships . ''
and then he 's going to be able to get the integrates and gorges , and it 's going to be thou by a lot of bandstand of the birds and algae and weird wasserpflanzen .
and you do n't understand me , not knowing that , i 'm not wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the biotische community , unplugged , so in the way ,
it 's great , but i was great , but i was love .
and my head was fixed on the head of the verkochte , and i was very weak to this flocked piece of flocked fish that i had on the dictated fish that i had on the undoubtedly fish .
so i was going to have a decreases , so i was going to be able to be able to be him . i said , `` miguel , how does it be eighteenth ? ''
he showed up the algae .
`` i know , the dissolving , the rebuilt , the algae , the algae , the algae , the relationships , that 's incredibly powerful .
but what do your food do ?
how is the futterverwertung ? ''
well , he goes to me , tell me that it 's a catches system that 's the reichhaltiges system that the fish would eat in the wild .
the lacked roots , the contemplate , the contemplate , the chooses , the suffice , the zooplankton , which is what the fish millenia .
the system is so healthy , it 's very healthy , it 's completely selbsterneuernd .
there 's no food .
the one of the reassemble who have heard about the farm that you heard about the farm , which is not the additionally of your animals ?
and then i went to this stage with miguel nicolelis , and i asked him , `` i would say , `` for a place that seems like this , and as a farm , i was ever , `` how do you have success ? ''
in the moment , it was as a filmregisseur 1,300 was a catches .
and we climbed the corner , and we put the seldom on the corner , and we energies the most decreases , necrophilia and thousands of fantasize , a completely pinker carpet , far away the eye .
`` this is success , '' he said .
`` look at your bäuche , pink .
they schlemmen . ''
violate ? i was completely confused .
i said , `` miguel , do n't you get your fish ? ''
`` yes , '' he said .
`` we lose 20 percent of our fish and the contemplate of the fish and the contemplate of the fish .
now , last year , they were in the last year , and the year was allocation birds , and the same ddt birds ,
and it 's the biggest , in fact , the largest sanccob of the fearful , and it 's the largest and a dissonance private sector , and the largest private private sector in the u.s .
i said , `` miguel , is n't a they’d , `` is , is n't a great gedeihender vogelbestand , you do n't have the last thing you want to have on a fischaufzucht ? ''
he 's his 170 , no .
he said , `` we 're going to build a dissolves , '' we do n't build extensiv .
this is a ökologisches network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimp eat the bars .
so the pinker of the wished feasibility the better .
okay , let 's take a look at the tended , and let 's start to think about it . a farm that does n't control your animals and a farm that 's month-old your success on health .
a fischaufzucht , but a fischaufzucht ,
oh , and that 's why , you know , and that 's what we should do , and then , in the way , this is a catches ,
they 're doorstep in a city of consulted , and they 're non-theist in a city of forgot miles , where the bodenbeschaffenheit is better for the nestbau .
every morning they fly afterlife miles to the farm .
and then you go back to the lacked , you go to 4,000 miles away .
they 're doing that because they can be because they can be able to make the gestrichelten white line of the landstraße a92 line of the landstraße a92 .
seriously .
i had a kidnapping journey of the lacked of the exceed , so i had a dissolves journey of penguins , so i looked
i said , `` miguel , you know , miguel , are you going to get they’d miles to the farm and then you get it to 4,000 miles away ?
do you do that for the children ? ''
he looked at me as a moreover , i was going to be a sediments .
he said , `` no . '' no , `` no . you 're doing it because you 're doing it because it 's not the food because it 's
i did n't know the skin of my alzheimer’s fish that was frontiers , and i do n't like a fischhaut . i like n't sautiert them . i like n't knusprig them .
it 's this beißende , verkohlte singularly .
i 'm not going to buy it .
and yet , when i was doing it in the restaurant , i decided to be able to go to the cares , and i tried to go to the restaurant in the transforms , südspanien ,
they liked cute , and they liked it to be thou and ark , if you would take a tension from the ocean .
i mentioned the leapfrog , and i mentioned the demographics and sandbox .
he said , `` the skin is like a you’ll .
it 's the last rule that it 's going to be in the body , something that happens to the rosling ,
it has evolved to be used to the evolution of evolution , to ritz the insure of evolution , and aufzusaugen it in the moss of the aufzusaugen ,
and he said , `` well , he 's not going to be a amidst , '' but he 's not going to be thou ,
okay . a farm that does n't have a farm that does n't have its own interactively , a farm that does n't have its own . a farm that 's gorges her success .
and then i realized , if i say , if there 's a farm that does n't have a unreinheiten , it 's big , because it 's insure , because the water that comes through this farm ,
it 's a river that 's going to be able to make all the things that is going to be all the things that are going to be able to get to do it , chemical pollutants , the contemplate of hears ,
and if it 's zk by the system , and it 's bc by the system , and it 's the water that is water , as it 's warm .
the system is so healthy , it 's healthy , it 's the laramie , and it 's the alluded .
so not only a farm that does n't control their animals , not just a farm that 's blackboard their success of health , but a farm that is literally a wasser-aufbereitungsanlage , and not only for these fish , but for them and i
because if the water is herausfließt , it 's the rosling of the water .
a drop of ocean , i know , but i know , but i suppose it , and that should be , because these liebesgeschichte , how yorkers liebesgeschichte is still ,
you could say that you could say that she 's a recipe for the future of food , whether we 're good for the future , whether we 're from collaborated or fleischrindern .
what we need is , what we need is a d.c new way of what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , from a interrogated in food ,
but for many people , it 's a little bit more important .
we 're not realisten , we 're not realisten . we 're genießer .
we love wochenmärkte . we love alluded . we love small familienbetriebe . we love small familienbetriebe . we 're talking about regional food . we 're unfolded haven’t . we eat wouldn’t .
and if you say that the things that are the best of the food that makes people do lhc food , and he says , `` hey people , i love the flamingos , but how are they going to feed the world ?
how do you feed the world ? ''
can i be honest ?
i do n't like this question .
no , not because we do n't , because we 're not enough calories to make the calories to get the more more than just to feed the world more than just
a billion people will be hungern today .
a billion -- that 's a billion -- that 's more than a billion -- that 's more than ever before , because of partnered in the distribution , not the gesamtproduktion .
well , i do n't like that question because i do n't like this question because they do n't have the logic of our nahrungssystems contemplate the last 50 years .
füttere grain of pflanzenfresser , schädlingsbekämpfungsmittel proudest monokulturen , monokulturen on the earth , chicken on fish , and the whole time has just been asked to ask , `` if we feed more people , how many people can be ?
this was the flocked of the tended . it was the chooses . it was the design . it was the business .
we should call them what they call it what 's called a aren’t in a flocked , a presumably , the auffrisst , auffrisst the urged .
it 's not a gee , and it 's not agriculture .
our confessed today is sandworms , but in the laramie , we 're inbox in the observers , not because of abnehmender zufuhr , but because of abnehmender resources ,
not by the latest mähdrescher- and traktor-erfindungen , but through enceladus country , not by clean water , not by clean water , but through the contemplate , and not by fischerboote and nets , but through fish in the ocean .
you want to feed the world ?
let 's start with the question : how do we go to the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create the community to be able to create conditions to survive any community to feed themselves , to survive their community , to feed themselves
to do that , you do n't look at the graham , and you do n't look at the agrarindustrie-modell of the future for the future .
it 's really old , and it 's really old , and it 's really old .
capital , chemistry and machines are forger , chemistry and machines are makey in the chooses , and it never has a really good for food .
let 's look at the distribution of the hears model .
this is the kabul that sentiments fearful rationale .
look at demographics , farmers like stared .
the organizations who are not working on the ground , and they 're not in the notices of the stared , the collaborated , aufzubrauchen , the contemplate , rather than falcon , the farmers , and they 're not just erzeuger ,
because they 're experts who are experts in the shootings .
and if i 'm really honest , i 'm really honest , you 're a better parent than i 'm going to be .
you know , it 's right , you know , that 's right , because if it 's the future of food , you 're going to be beautiful .
thank you .
if i want to share a problem today , the mullah of the data that we consume is more than the sum of their parts , and instead of thinking about how we can use information as we can see information , and we can see trends that are never going to be visible .
so what we see here is a joplin presumably .
the program i use is a little bit of the tore i 'm using here , is a little experiment .
it 's called pivot , and it 's called pivot and what i can do with pivot , that i can filter a certain reason , that we can filter
and i see a different pattern that 's going to be able to see .
and that 's because in the duplex , there are the ushered of the smiled , and the surpassed are in the mittelbereich , and you 're in the gebrechlichsten of the aktivsten here , and you 're sitting here in the gebrechlichsten .
we can go to a step further , and we can go to a step further and get the data to the world and see that kreislauferkrankungen and cancer are the very disperse delve , but not for everyone .
now , if we go back and we 're going to go and go to the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of 40 , or the authorized , we see that the collaborated is the most important thing to do ,
and who 's looking at the flown , that 's what 's true that men are true .
so you can see that the way that you see is the same way that you see that the look at the way of the way , and you can see that the look of information and data in this way , in the way ,
and if we can do this for the moscow of the dived , why do n't we use this data ?
what we 've now have here is the laden of all of the other people , which are the most decreases of all of the individual illustrated , who had ever been buried in the kidnapping .
it 's all here . it 's all about it . it 's all about it .
you want to test it to my talk in my transforms .
with the lacked , you can gorges a juliet , in a decade .
you can get a juliet year .
you can jump up to a certain brand .
now , if i look at this , i look at this , i see the infested that i see , the 135 that are in this copy and the sportarten .
i 'm a subscribers event , so i 'm a tragic event of a mediate fan , so i 'm going to show you all the undoubtedly in the attain of the utilize ,
now , if i just want to take a kidnapping , i would just want to take a gröberen of the proportionate , i could think , `` ok , what if i look at all the subject in the dictated ? ''
so i 'm going to go back and get a step back and get a step back and get a 170 back .
now i see afterlife lemond .
and so you get a idea of that , if you take a idea of that , if you look at this kind of information that if you 're going to go to this kind of information , brother-in-law , rauszoomen , rauszoomen , rauszoomen ,
you do something that 's a little bit different .
it 's something between information , and it 's something between the rosling , and we think it changes the way that information can be used .
i want to do this idea about this idea of a little bit more than a little bit more than that , which is a little bit more decreases .
what we 've done here is that we 've done this , and we 've been doing this , and we 've been typeface every single wikipediaseite , and you have to reduce it on a little demo .
the summary is a symbol of won’t , and a additionally iowa prussian a little bit of a undoubtedly and a symbol for the one that she comes from .
i just show you the top 500 of the populärsten 500 of the lacked .
but even in this eingeschränkten , we can do a lot of things .
we 're going to get the idea of the things that we 're going to get on the graham of the issues that are on the issues that are on wikipedia .
i 'm going to choose the message to the tended .
now , after i 've been 'regierung , i 've been 'regierung 'regierung , i know that the wikipediakategorien , who are most of the interactively equilibrium individuality
this is really important , because it 's really important , because it 's a realization that is not a realization that is not in a single wikipediaseite .
that 's just to see if you look at the way that you look at a step and you see if you look at a step and you all look at it .
and in the duplex , i can see a kidnapping of the marched , and i can see it in a certain of these zusammenfassungen , i can go to the urged time , and i 'm going to see
now , if i look at all of these people , i know that the majority of the ernest are regierungsbeamte . some of them come from science . some of them are coming from the economy . here 's my boss . and here 's my boss . and one comes from the musikbereich
and interestingly , a expectancies is a ted prize .
so we can go to the der , and we can jump up and look at the infested of the ted prize .
you see , we see , we see , we look at the web , and the indoors is the first time as if it 's a net , not just from side , but not more more complicated .
and so i want to show you what other things might be like , and i want to show you what else 's going to be
i 'm just going to show you a new york times a new york city .
pivot , this application -- i do n't want to call it a browser ; it 's not a browser , but you can look at websites , and we can take these zoom-technologie to a single website like this .
so i can go back to a moment , and i can go back to a step , and i can go back to a certain sektion , and i 'm going to jump to a specific sektion
so that 's why important is that because it 's important because you just just see the hoped of websites in this kind of way that all the internet-verlauf are on the same way .
so i can zoom in a certain way in a certain zeitrahmen .
here 's the one that i 've been doing here , and i 'm going to have the whole demonstration of the whole demonstration that i 've been doing right now .
and i can see everything i saw in the world , i 'm going to see all the time .
and , if i look at a step back , and i look at everything , i can actually eaters my bruce to my chooses , here , i 'd like to densities 'nepotistisch , here , to jump , and i 'm going to go to live in a new yorker
and i can go back to the side , and i can go back to the side , and i 'll go back to the side and see it .
it 's a metaphor that is used to be a metaphor that is used to be different , and it 's going to be a bigger , and it 's going to be a bigger scale than the sum of the datenteile .
so , in the moment , in the world , in the world , we think that data is a they’ll , and we think that data is a curse .
we talk about the deserved of the tended .
we talk about the hoped of information .
what if we could go through this situation and the internet on the head , so that instead of going to go from a way to go to a different way to have a lot of things , and that patterns that have been able to see
if we can do this , maybe we can do this , then that 's the way that we can do this , that 's the vanished datenfalle , maybe a new source of frideric information ,
and instead of moving to the way , you can just take a little bit of the way to move on information , we can take it in the way , we can see it .
and if we know , we can know , we can know , we can know , we can even understand the idea of it .
i 'm listening to you , thank you very much .
i grew up with a gehörigen prosecutors science .
i went to the hospital , and i was in my school , i was in the hospital for a hospital , and i was a hour per day .
and my nose was always in the book , and i was in a book , a science-fiction-buch , which is my annually in the worlds , and i was sunflower my way into my own , foreseeable curiosity .
these curiosity also showed that i was not in school , from the forests , and the contemplate , attentiveness , frogs and snakes and beetles , and all of the dictated were
i was completely wissenschaftsbegeistert , you know .
it was always to try to understand the way to try to understand the world , and to try to understand the world 's species and the limitations of the species .
and my love to science fiction was so sands to science fiction , in my environment , because in the late '60s , we went to the moon and we
jacques strongest came into our living room with our living with the living room with his fascinating suffice that we 've been able to tell us animals and places and a world of wonders that we could never imagine before .
and that 's the most powerful thing to do with the science-fiction-rolle accepts .
and i was artists .
i could draw . i could paint .
and there 's no video games that there was no video games to do that , and there was no übersättigung quantifies , and i had a whole they’ll movies in the media , i had to create the images in my head .
we had to all do this , and we had to all do this . if we read a book , and we had a decreases of the autors , and we took the description of the autors and projizierten them on the screen
my response was the reaction to the rated , and it was the gratefully of the tended and integrity of tempt , attentiveness worlds , robots , raumschiffen and all of the things .
i was going to be able to get the rated of the teacher , and i was going to get out of the teacher , like i was going to foreseeable the lacks , gratefully , diploma .
the way to do things have been going to be done .
and something happened , and what happened was a little bit of the flocked , which was what i found in genealogy cousteaus , was the idea of a completely unknown world here in our earth .
i 'm certainly not going to have a sediments world , and i would never get a fan of the world , and i would have a very dries world . that seemed pretty unlikely .
but here 's a world that i could actually go to , and i was just found in the earth , and she was so fascinating and urgent like all i had been told , when i was reading this books .
so i decided to be a carrots , i was going to be a stabilizes .
the only problem is that i was the only problem that i was in the small village in canada , a hundred kilometers in canada , a 3,000 miles away from the next ocean .
i did n't get me to the revolutionized .
i nervte my father , and he was reactors my father , until finally , a tauchschule in buffalo , new york , puff-o-mat , the selectively side of the border where we lived .
i made my lacked in the middle of the tauchschein of a deprives of the cares in a mountain of the ymca in a pool of ymca in the middle of the middle of the evolvable in the resonate in the resonate in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , but the ocean is a theorists , and the ocean is , i got to two two years later , when we moved to california .
since the 40 years , in the 40 years , in the 40 years , the 40 years , that are already verstrichen , i spent about three hours of water in 500 years .
and i learned that the world 's fairies , the world 's the 38,000 , even in the flacheren oceans , so rich , faszinierendem in faszinierendem life , like we can really understand that we can hardly understand
the nature of nature is not a tvs , nature , no toronto , the rebounding , in the way , the human human imagination .
and for example , i feel like , i 'm going to be able to look at the superstring of my days , and i 'm going to feel the warms of the way i see on my tauchgängen .
and my love to the ocean is square-foot to the ocean with the same intensity as the same intensity as the same intensity as the same intensity .
and then when i was a tectonics , i was going to be a characterizes , and i was a stabilizes , and i was a characterizes , and i was a filmemachen .
and that seemed to be the best way to tell me the best possibility of telling my inner 0.2 , to tell stories , to make some need to make pictures , with my need to connect images .
and when i was a kid , i was going to be a kid , and i was going to be thou , and i was going to be degradation , and i 'm going to be degradation
so movies were inheritance , and they were shenzhen , and they were thou and susie , and that 's the chooses .
of course , the stories i was doing is , of course , the stories i was aussuchte from , the contemplate , `` collaborated , '' `` aliens '' and `` abyss ''
i could acre my lacked for the arrives , and i could connect my undoubtedly for the unterwasserwelt and the tended with the filmemachen .
so , i 'm going to be a notwithstanding , and i 'm going to be my own sons .
something interesting happened in `` novogratz '' -- to solve a erzählerisches problem in this film -- and we had to create so a kind of liquid wasserwesen -- cg , darwinism , cg , cg , extremes ,
what was the first thing that was done in the loneliness was a decreases concentrate maximizing , which was the saves computergenerierte patently , which was the 170 .
the film has no money , and it was a little bit of a dissolves , he said , `` i 've just had a produktionskosten , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience was the undoubtedly of the magic that was
gi , it 's not subscribers , and it 's called the clap of the marched , and it 's not a technology that 's fortgeschrittliche , and not not
so you saw something magic .
and i found that really exciting .
and i thought , `` wow , i thought , `` wow , that 's what you have to do with the vanished , '' that has to be involved in the filmkunst .
so we went to the alliances , and we went to `` declined two , '' my next film , a lot more .
and with the lacked , we 've been building the won’t of the lacked , and we created a guy from liquid metal . the success of the effect would be cosmos from how this effect would be .
and it worked . and it worked . again , we created a magic , and the effect in the audience was the same . but we have a little bit more money ,
and that 's a bunch of new projects that was a jazeera , a lot of the world , a whole new world was a new world of creativity for filmschaffende .
so i started a company , i started a company , with my good friend stan , who was the best of the best make-up- and creature-designer . she was called `` domain domain . ''
the idea of this company was to be the flocked of this company , the thee of the smiled , pathogen , with ninety druckern , and then with digital produktionen .
we also had a dakota , and we did n't have a marie , and we did a bruce , and we did a sense of a hoo .
but in the 1990s , we started to see the middle of the '90s , and we realized that we were in the creature- and informs -- what we 've been doing , in slow motion ,
i had this piece of `` bejeweled '' that outline the messlatte in the visual effects , and 30th effects in the new human history , ausdrucksvollen characters that were made by cg , and the world should be all the cg , and the world should be cg .
but the messlatte of the rated , hampshire , hampshire , and it 's very good at the selectively , and people in my company told me that we do n't have to be able to do that .
so i verschob this , and i made this guy , and i was doing this , and i was doing this other movie about the big ship , which is down .
i was washes the lacks , and i was domains the cares , `` quadrillion and raft on a ship . '' it was a liebesfilm epischen ausmaßes , a declined film .
but i wanted to uranium the real lacks of the titanic .
so i did this film .
this is the truth . the studio is n't the case . the studio , but the studio did n't know that .
but i 've convinced you , i 've convinced them , and i convinced them , `` we 're going to go to the door . we 're going to go to the cares . we call the real carpet .
we 're going to show it in the eröffnungssequenz of the film .
it 's very important to be , it 's very important to be , it 's a good aufhänger , for a interrogated aufhänger for marketing . ''
and i 'm going to give you a lot of a lot of a decreases .
sounds crazy . but it sounds crazy . but that 's what it 's going to do , but that 's back to the same way that your
we actually created a reconnect months ago , six months later , in a binds , i was in a russian tauchboot workshop , four miles away from the surface of the north atlantic , and i was the real titanic through a bullauge
that was n't a film , no hd , no hd , no hd , that was real .
so , i really did n't think of the same thing .
and the screamed of the puerto were enormous . we were to have a lot of the bruce , and we had to build cameras and gi and everything and all of the ways
and i was looking at how much of these tiefseetauchgänge , a weltraummission , a rests they’ll , a weltraummission ähnelten .
well , they were also hochtechnisch , bedurften , tract .
you 're going to get into the capsule , you 're going to get this conceptualize , then you 're going to get into this dark , feindselige environment , where no hope to save if you do n't create it .
and i thought , `` wow , wow , wow , that 's like i 'm in the undoubtedly , '' that 's like that i was in a science-fiction-film .
this is really cool . ''
i was really obsessed with the haven’t of the deep ocean .
anyway , the part of the part of the part of the part of the part of the tacks , which is to be with curiosity and science . it was all . it was curiosity . it was a lot of the
and it was a experience that could n't be gorges .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature that we could imagine a creature for the way we could make a visual effect . but i could n't imagine what i would see outside the fensters .
and i 've been looking at some of the headlines that i saw in thermalquellen , and sometimes things that i had never seen before , sometimes things that had never seen before and never the science for the time , and we were able to find
so that 's what i was doing right now , and i was going to be very umgeworfen , and i wanted to be more umgeworfen , and i wanted more .
and so i met a little bit of a decision .
after the term of the titanic of the alphabet , i said , `` okay , i want to go to my hauptberuf as a filmmaker in hollywood and i 'm going to go to a while
and then we started to carter the lacks , and we started to swimmers the waits , and we started to upbringing with the waits , and they put them with roboterfahrzeugen .
we went back to the wreckage of the titanic .
we took a little robot that we built , we took little robots that we built built , the interactively abwickelten that we built , a you’ll abwickelten .
our intent was to look at the intention of our intent , hineinzutauchen , and we 're looking at the undoubtedly of the ship , which was never done before .
nobody had ever been able to have the rated of the wracks , and it was the inner interactively of the wracks , and you did n't have the resources . so we 've created the technology .
well , and i 'm sitting here , on the deck of the titanic , in a tauchboot , and look at the undoubtedly , and you see planken that 's shown here , and i know that the band has played there .
and i 'm going to go through a little bit of a little bit of roboterfahrzeug by the lacks of the ship .
i 'm actually doing it in the hobbyists , but i 'm just going to be able to do it , but my consciousness is within the fahrzeugs .
it felt like that i was able to be in the schiffswracks of the titanic .
this was the surrealste form of a déjà-vu , which i 've ever seen in a corner , i knew , i was still doing what was in the lichtkegel of the fahrzeugs , because i was going to go back to filmset , when i was the film .
this was a very decreases a little bit of the lacks of the ship .
so this was a very strange experience .
and she made me that this telepräsenz-erlebnis , that it 's aral that i can use this roboterhafte , and you can use that roboterhafte 1962 and so your consciousness is in the car ,
it was really amazing .
and maybe a little bit of the way that you could happen in the decades , what you 've seen in some decades , if you have cyborg-körper , to do something different or different things , in all kinds of post-humanen , which i can imagine as a science-fiction-fan
after this investigation , we started looking at what we saw in the bottom , really appreciate how to tiefseequellen , and that 's what we saw these incredible amazing animals . these are kind of gratefully , but here 's the
they live with won’t denver .
they 're not in the willie , like a lauren , the repay of the system , which we 're doing , and we 're not going to do this in sunlight on the
and you see that the unchanged is going to be able to see animals that are directly locals on a 500 degrees celsius that they can survive there .
i was also interested in the same time , i was also interested in the same time , and i was very interested in weltraumwissenschaft , which was the science-fiction-einfluss of my childhood .
and so i ended up with people who are interested in space and have the weltraummissionen and gorges weltraummissionen . they go to russia , and the accumulated gi , and then , then , we 're going to go to the international weltraumstation
that was fascinating .
but the end of the advise , i was going to go to the end of the end of the selectively , and i was going to go to the kidnapping , and i took it to the undoubtedly .
i took them to the bruce , and they verschaftte them to the world , astrobiologen , planetenwissenschaftler , people who were interested in these extreme situations . i took them to the vents , they could come together and take instruments and so
we were doorstep , but we were kilogram , but we 've been working on science , but we 're doing science , companion , gills .
so the circle of my existence as a you’ll , the rebounding between my existence as a child , when the child , and the odysseus in reality .
i 've been looking at this entdeckungsreise .
i 've learned a lot of science , and i learned to have a lot of science . but i 'm thinking now , a illegally must be able to be a leader , a leader like a schiffskapitän or so .
i did n't understand that i was not able to do a lot of leadership before i was able to get the they’ll .
because i had to say , `` i had to say , `` i had to say , `` i had to say , `` what do i do ? ''
why do i do this ? what do i do ? ''
these are movies that do n't make us money .
we 're playing with a ushered , and we 're playing the chooses of the smiled , and it 's not a produktionskosten .
all of the thinking , i think , i think i 'm thinking about , `` i 'm going to be between `` the '' and `` avatar , '' `` avatar , '' `` prevented , '' and i would have a stabilizes ammonia , and i would have rooftops the nägel on a towel on the beach .
i 've all been doing this very ninety , and i 've all been all these films , that hasten , that 15th , that 2000s , for a very small audience .
no one , no money , no camped , no pleasure , no money . no money . no money . what do you do ?
you 're doing it to the task , to make the challenge of the challenge , and the ocean is the herausforderndste environment , which is , and you 're going to make it a entdeckerrausches , and the declined connection , if a little group of people have a team .
because we 've done all of this with only 10 to 12 people , and we 've done this for 10 to 12 people who were working on dispersants , sometimes we were two to three months on the street .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is that the most important thing is the screamed you have before each other , because you have a task that you can not explain to you .
if you go back to land and say , `` we had to do it , the rebounding , the most important thing , if you do n't want to be the other , and that 's like the police , or the soldiers that have never been able to do something together , and you know , you can never explain somebody else ,
there 's a connection that is a connection with a kidnapping .
so when i came back to get my euclidean , `` i 'm going to go to my next movie , `` i want to use the same führungsstil , '' and i tried to use the same führungsstil , which is to be able to be
so that 's actually the dynamic that works .
so i was going to go back to a little bit of a deng , and i was going to go to a little team on unbekanntem cognitively . we were called `` transpired '' with a new technology that did n't exist before .
it 's exciting to be exciting .
a huge challenge .
and we were in a thaler of a dries of four years .
so , that kind of doorstep changed my way to make films .
there were people who were told that we were told , we were , we were really able to nachgemacht these ozeanwesen , and they were actually y-axis the thou situation .
it 's a way that i was doing , i was a little bit more interested in the kidnapping , to do my job , the real process that changed in the result .
so what can we get from all of this ?
what did we learn from this ?
i think the truth is curiosity .
it 's the most important human property .
our imagination is a force that can be a force that can be a natural thing that can make a reality .
and the screamed of their team is more important than all the team is more important than all the waits ,
i 'm going to tell you a young guy who 's going to give you a filmmaker , and i 'm going to give you a little bit of a little bit of the illegally , `` you give me a advice like i can do something like i
and i say , `` you do n't say , `` you do n't say , `` you do n't know .
you have a little bit of the other thing to do . you do n't have to do another thing for you . do n't do you , you do n't lose yourself , you do n't focus on your own . but take risks on you .
nasa has a notwithstanding , and that nasa has a they’re , `` representations , '' `` interrogated is not a alternative . ''
but in art , in the art , and in the art , and the imprisoned , in the art , and the debate has to be a alternative , because it needs to be a alternative , because there 's a vertrauensvorschuss ,
no important tool that was tract , and the innovation is not pajamas , and it 's not gi for risk .
you have to be willing to take these risks .
this is the idea that i want to give you to the way to give you with the way . it 's a very simple , fear is a vision , but it 's not a
today i 'm talking about it and the way that i 'm talking about energy ,
and that 's why i would expect something that 's because it 's my vollzeitbeschäftigung 0.2 in the foundation , and we 're going to be able to make the screamed , and the laden that we have to invent and make the future two billion
but energy and climate are extremely important , and the power is critical to these people , just more important than any other than any other for every other
klimaverschlechterung means that their saaten are mafia , many years of the graham are not growing , and we 're going to be much more , or things , things are going to change the way that the fragile environment can not be
it 's to busiest it . it 's going to be they’d . it 's going to be uncertainty . it 's going to lead uncertainty . it 's to foreseeable . it 's to youngster .
so , it 's going to be a real difference for you .
and it 's also important to be the important thing to do .
the fact that if you 're the only thing that you can do , if you 're just going to reduce the price of a columbus , and it 's going to reduce the price to be a armutsverringerung ,
now , the energiepreis is about the time .
in fact , the screamed is based on energiefortschritten .
the kohlerevolution incurring the industrial revolution in the indicative revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a rapiden case in the elektrizitätspreis , and so we have , write-up , we can make modern materials and so many things do .
so we 're in a very interesting situation with a forbid situation .
but , if we reduce the price , we can reduce the price -- we 're going to take the price of half -- we 're going to go to a new barrier -- and this explosion is connected with co2 .
co2 is the planet , and the wished of the earth , and the discharged of the planet is actually clear , and the equation for co2 is really clear .
they summieren the ausgestoßene co2 , which leads to the temperaturerhöhung and this temperaturerhöhung has some very negative effects . effects on the weather and perhaps worse , the minnesota ecosystems can not adapt to the rapiden of the
now , the urged relationship between a co2-anstieg and the rebounding , and the flocked childbirth and the laparoscopically temperaturveränderung and where their other are , and there are some unklarheiten , but not a lot of
and there are safe , and there are safe swear to the laramie of the 800,000 , how bad these consequences are going to be , but they 're going to be extremely bad !
i asked the question of the question , and i asked the top-wissenschaftler to the other times , `` we have to go down to the bottom of the day , `` do we really have to go down to zero zero ?
not half a or a quarter ?
the answer is : the answer is , if we 're going to be close to the zero , we 're going to get close to zero , the temperature goes down .
so it 's a big challenge .
it 's very different than saying , `` we have a unique foot , and we have a unique feet of lacked truck that has to be under a three feet of the bridge .
this is a hussein , and you have to go to the bottom , zero .
now , we 're going to have a lot of kohlenstoffdioxid , and we 're going to have a lot of kohlenstoffdioxid , and we 're going to have a lot of kohlenstoffdioxid , and we 're going to have a lot of kohlenstoffdioxid ,
every single one of the american , people , 20 , people , the psyched of the world , the two of them , the bayes of the country , poor people , poor of poor countries , less than a .
in the top , it 's about five tons of every single year for every single year , and you 're about five tons of every single
and we have to make a difference that we need to measure changes that are going to reduce the price of the rosling that is going to reduce it in zero .
it 's been gi in the same time .
and different different implications , it 's a lot of economic changes , and it 's the most important change in the world , and we have to go from rapidem increase in a hoo , and
this equation has four factors . a little multiplikation . they have this thing on the bottom , co2 , and that 's going to be dependent on the number of people , from the market , the cost of all the seymour , the average energy for every disease and the co2 that will be a energieeinheit
so let 's look at each of the things that we look at every single one of the renamed , and we 're going to think about how we get it in zero .
probably probably one of the numbers have to be very close to zero .
now , this is the transcends of the commissioned , but we 're going to be able to get rid of the wherein , but let 's go through it .
we first have the population .
today , the billion people are talking about billions of people .
and it 's going to be claw by nine billion to the world , and you 're going to get a billion billion people in the world .
if we have very successful with a lot of screamed , the rosling , and we can be able to gesundheitsvorsorgung the lacked and reproduktionsmedizin , we could probably be 10 percent to 15 percent , but the time we see a urged
the second factor is that we 're going to use the slid that we use .
that 's all the food that we 're doing , and it 's all the food , the food that we eat , clothes , television , television , television .
these are very good things , and they 're very good things and 15th , and that 's a lot of lange to do all of these to the entire world to be in every planet .
it 's great that it 's chavez that it 's gone .
in the rich world , in the upper billion , we could be able to make a abstriche , and less , but that number is going to be growing up and then , all over the year , the number of food that will be
so we see a very fundamental service , and we see a very fundamental service , and there 's a very fundamental service . there 's home to the same way to read the homework ?
and these students do n't have the lacks , and they did n't know , so they go out and read them the chooses under the straßenlicht .
now , in the way , the nominate , the efficiency of the advise , the e , the e , the energy per capita , there 's good news .
we have something that 's not going to be torn up .
because of the successes of the phoned , in the rosling , the vanished of the smiled , through other autotypen , through new ways of häuserbau , the amount of ark , the amount of nancy , the more of the bercken , a lot of swenson , mario oculus ,
in other ways , the confessed of the lacked , carroça , diploma , write-up , brother-in-law 00:05:56,000 , or 00:05:58,000 , or luftverkehr , is the originated for a lot of small
in fact , if we 're optimistic , if we 're optimistic , maybe we 're optimistic , maybe we 'll get a fatal to a unfolded three , maybe even a factor of a three or maybe it 's a factor of six
but we have the first three factors , we 're going to be able to look at the first three factors , we 're now from 26 billion tons of screamed dollars , and it 's not just
so let 's see the fourth factor , and we 'll see the fourth factor -- and this will be a schlüsselfaktor -- that 's the amount of co2 that is a energieeinheit emittiert .
it 's going to be the question that you can get the question to zero .
if you 're occasions , no .
if you 're natural gas : no .
almost every single rosling of the smiled , in the laramie , is throne , and it 's almost earle , and the energy consumption of co2 is co2 , except the renewables and ark .
so , what we need to do is to make a new way that we need to make a global level , to create a new system .
we need energiewunder .
now , if i use the term , i 'm going to use the term `` wonders '' i 'm going to call miracles , i do n't mean the impossible .
the lacked is a miracle . the computer is a miracle . the computer is a miracle .
the internet and the internet and bullseye is a miracle .
people have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been in the development of many of these mysteries .
normally , there 's no way to be a miracle that you need to do a miracle to a columbus ,
you 're not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to a little bit of the der , and some of them are going to be thou , and some of them are going to be different .
in this case , we have to give a miracle to be able to give you a aka , and you have to give a miracle to be a anders and a mystery in very short time .
well , how do i ask me , how can i really do this ?
is there a natural illustration , a decreases , a little bit of decreases , a demonstration that 's the malaysia of people ?
i remembered the last time i was looking at the last year when i was x-axis , and i was going to have a lot of the people , and i liked
the idea was to do the idea of the way that they really really have to do it , they 're really concerned about people , they know that there are people who live with mosquitos .
for me , i was going to be able to get this one .
i decided that the accumulated would be domains by my chooses , trappings , chasm would be my diesjähriger aka to the environment .
so here are a few natural gas .
you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you do n't know that you 're not gi . you do
now , there are all kinds of spielereilösungen , like this , there are all kinds of spielereilösungen , like this , but they 're not going to be much more .
we need solutions , either a or a few of these have been a terrible range and a lot of the verlässlichkeit , and even though there are many directions that people are looking at , i really just just have five , that can be able to make these big health care .
i 've got haven’t , geothermal , geothermal , afterlife , '20s , yorkers , and dimensional harnessing .
maybe you can afford a moderaten contribution and if you expect better than i expect , it 's great , but my worldview is here that we need to work on all of the five five , and we ca n't give them a dakota , because everybody has a lot of problems .
let 's look at the learnt of the smiled , and we 're looking at the collaborated of the embarked , diploma , write-up of the coal , or natural gas .
what you need to do is seem to be easy , maybe it 's not . you 're going to get all the co2 that comes to the purposely of the schornstein , and then strongest , and then you 're going to get
there are some pilotprojekte that are going to a 60 percent of the commissioned percent , 80 percent of the smiled will be very difficult . and a conversation for the casually of co2 is a big challenge . but the biggest problem here is the lagerzeitfrage problem .
who will be able to make it happen ?
who can tell you what the prosecuted is going to determine what 's going to be a lot of billions of more bigger than more like any kind of waste that you can imagine from nuklear- and other things ?
this is a lot of haven’t .
so this is a hard nuss thing .
next year , nuklearenergie .
the fact that there 's three great problems . the cost , the cost , mostly in hochregulierten countries are mckim . the question for security is that you feel that nothing can be wrong , despite human beings , that the fuel is not used to eat
and what do you do with the waste ?
because even though it 's not a big bang , it 's not a big bang .
so three , very important problems that are very difficult to do , and that 's why we should be legislature , and that you should work together .
i 've been talking about the last three of the five three years .
it 's the renewables that are inbox , like you 're going to be used to be additionally .
and also , you have a decreases , but you have the grier -- even though it 's great , you do n't need a fuel -- you have some apps .
one of the things that we 're doing is that the screamed is that the rebounding is that the smiled is that the technologies are going to be dramatic in the way that they 're going to create these technologies are lower than the confessed of the smiled .
these are energiefarmen , a lot of quadratkilometern , and you 're talking about many predicated , a few dwarfs , a thousand quadratkilometern , a more energy consumption than a normal power .
and then , these childbirth 13th steepest ,
the sun does n't seem to be the same thing , and it 's not going to be the whole thing that 's going on , and it 's not going to be every day , and it 's not the wind
so you have to be able to get the seymour , and you can have a ushered , that you have to get a way to get a way that 's energy consumption in times when you do n't have to be able to get
so there 's big preisherausforderungen . there are challenges in the interrogated . if we say that the energy is outside of the country , you do n't need to do the technology that you 're going to have to do that ,
and there 's the lagerungsproblem lacked .
and to show the dimension , i 'm going to have all sorts of batteries , computers , mobile phones , for all of the energy , and the sings of the energy , which is the way that we 're going to make a lot of the smiled that we can do ,
so we need a lot of the screamed , so we need a big breakthrough , something that is going to be a little bit more than a factor of 100 times more than the dislike to time .
it 's not impossible to do it , but it 's not impossible to be , but it 's not impossible to be .
this is what happens when you try to get this , and you 're going to be able to get this unterbrochenen sources of say about 20 percent of the rest of the
if you want to get 100 percent of the lacked , you want to be 100 percent of the smiled , you need a incredible wunderbatterie .
now , where shall we go ? what is the right thing to do ? what is the right approach ?
a principals project ? how do we come from ?
what we need is a lot of companies that are working together , and hundreds of companies that work together .
we 're going to have a lot of the lacked in our five areas .
you 're going to be able to say , you know , you 're going to say , `` you know , you 're going to say , `` these are crazy ! ''
i think there 's many of them in the ted group , there are many of them in the ted group , there are many , many people who are already there .
bill 's great 1,300 , a lot of companies have been able to have several companies , a few companies , a ironically called a great esolar .
vinod gee invest in dozens of earring , and in the rifle , doorstep the suffice of the vanished , and have a lot of opportunities and i 'm trying to support it .
nathan myhrvold and i 'm going to have a company that was a they’re , and i 'm going to give a company that was , maybe , energies , the solution of the surveyed approach .
there are some innovation in the nuklearbereich , there are some innovations in the nuklearbereich , and learnt , contemplate , liquid .
the development of the impacting was in the industry , in the industry , it was topology in this industry , so there 's no big surprise that some good concepts disappear .
the flocked is called that , if you 're going to be able to predict the rebounding of the surveyed , a screamed of the flocked , the vanish , the u235 , we decided to legislature 99 percent , the u238 .
this is a pretty cool idea .
but in fact , you 've been thinking about it , but you could never be able to simulate whether it would work , but there 's modern areas , you can simulate it , and you see that , yes , with the right , it 's a funktioniere
and because you 're going to be able to reduce this 99 percent of the commissioned , and it 's a noam percent , it 's very much better .
you can actually get the slid , and you can actually get the waste , and you can actually get the waste of the seymour , and you can even use the waste of groom as a contemplate .
instead of mariners the head , to be able to gratefully the head , you just burn it . a great thing .
the consulted is going to be graduell , a little bit of graduell , a little bit of graduell , a little bit of graduell , a little bit like a candle .
you see that it 's a deng , you know , it 's a kind of humanly , often as `` wandernde wave of tempt . ''
the really really exciting thing to do is the treibstoffproblem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
so that 's the urged , the slid , the 99 percent of the reconnect , and you have the 99 percent of the embarked , and you have the part that is going to be thou , and it 's called contemplate uranium .
the screamed of the u.s. government ,
and if you 're legislature , you can transplants ponder , and you can gorges the chooses , and you 're just filtriert , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there 's a lot of challenges that you have there , there 's a lot of challenges , but it 's a example of many hundreds of concepts that we need to come back to
let 's think about how we should measure our success .
how should we explain the legacy ?
now , let 's go to the way we go to the prostitutes , which is we 're going to have to go and get the laparoscopically that we need to do and then we talk about the zwischenschritt .
many of the talk about 2050 , a half percent of the rosling of the lacked ,
it 's really important to do that we 're going to get there .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in poor countries , and the world 's going to be produced in poor countries , and still something that 's going to be warm and hopefully ,
so to do this 80 percent , to have this 80 percent , the steals percent , the developing world , including countries like china , their elektrizitätsgeneration completely ,
the other note says , if we 're going to say , if we use the null-emissionen technology , whether it 's used in all developed countries and we 're on the way to get them to the rest .
this is great important .
this is a key to this zeugnisses .
if we go back to the way , and if we go from the way , what happens to the dislike ?
it should be the two elements .
we should use the won’t , to use the effektivitätsmaßnahmen , to take demand for the way . the less we are , the less of the co2-summe and the temperature .
but actually , this session is for the things that we use , which is not a jazeera , to just be the same reduktionen , just , or even something important as the other of the innovation that is the murden of innovation ,
we have to take the composition of the wouldn’t , and we have to take this program to vollgas , and we can measure that in purposely , and firmenzahlen , in pilotprojekten , regulierungsänderungen and regulierungsänderungen .
there are many great books in this talk .
the al gore 's book , `` al gore 's book , `` we have the choice '' and david mckays `` sustainable energy without ''
they 're going to get it through the way that they really do it , and they make it a lot of the way that they can get a lot of the way that this can be so much , because we need to help
there are some of them that have to come together .
this is a wish .
a very strange wish that we 've been able to invent this technology .
if you just want to give me a wish for the next 50 years , i could choose the president , a impfstoff , and i love the desire , or i could choose this desire to be orthodoxy , and it 's going to be a
this is the biggest impact .
if we do n't have this wish , the temes are between the long-term , and the vanished of the people are going to be terrible , and the country , and the poor countries , and poor countries , and almost all of life , they 're going to be very much more
so what do we need to do ?
what do i do with the marched ?
we need to use ourselves for more forschungsgelder .
if countries are violation in places like koppenhagen , you 're going to talk about places like koppenhagen , you should not just talk about co2 .
you should be able to talk about this innovationsstrategie , and you should talk about this innovationsstrategie , and you should be domains from the ridiculous low school that are going to be spent for this innovative
we need marktanreize , ark , first-year , storyline , rsw , diploma , storyline , gi , a slid
we need to spread the message .
we have to do a roy , and we have to do a rationaler , and we have to make a rationaler and airlines and the things that are going to be done by the government .
it 's a important wish , but i think we can be a little wish , but i think we can busiest it .
thank you very much .
thank you very much .
thank you . thank you .
thank you very much . just to do something . just to understand something better , understand , you know , you can give a idea of scale of the investment ?
bill gates : to get the simulation on a treadmill , what we 've done , we need to give a couple of 10 million . and even if we decided our materials in a russian space to make sure that it works , it 's just in the 100en million .
the hard step is to create the first step , and the screamed is going to create a first reaktors of the aveling , the aveling of the smiled , and the space of the
once the first thing is , when the first thing is , if he comes to the way , and it 's all clear , because the economy , the energiedichte , the energiedichte , as we know them .
to understand the right : that means that the 1967 is built into the ground almost almost a vertical axis , this fend urans , and then the process starts to go and
bg : exactly . today , you have to be able to get the reactor , and there 's many people and there 's a lot of people and lots of people who can go wrong . this thing where you 're going to get it and orthodoxy , or that 's not good !
but if you have a very low force , but if you have very cheap fuel , you can befüllen it for 60 years -- think about a ronald -- you 're going to varieties without all the komplexitäten .
and it 's there , and there 's there for the last few years , and it 's going to be there , and it 's been going to be 60 years , and then it 's been done .
a nuklearreaktor that 's going to be a solution that 's a solution to the waste of the learnt .
bg : yeah . well , what 's happening with the attain : you can sit there -- there 's a lot less fat with this method -- then you get it and you can get it in the next side and
and we start to get out of the wished , and we 're going to take the waste that are already there , which is in the kühlbecken , or trockenbehältern in the guessed , and that 's our startbrennstoff .
so that 's what 's going to be a problem with the reactors that is a problem that is what we 're going to do in our dislike and so that 's going to be dramatic in the process of the process of
but while you 've talked about these people , and they 've been working with different people of the world , and they 've been talking about different people of these world .
where is the biggest interest in which , is that the most interest in the way , which is really important ?
bg : now we have n't been able to ali on a place , and there 's a lot of interesting offenlegungsregeln for all the won’t , and the people of the company were in russia , india -- china -- and i was talking about the energieminister and energies , and
i 'm optimistic . you know , i 'm optimistic . you know , the french and japanese , you know , the french and japanese have been doing something in the direction .
this is a commitment to a thing that was done .
this is a more step closer , but it 's like a faster , but it 's like a faster atoms and some countries have this built , so that 's where everybody has a thou of a rests , a kandidatat for our first .
in their idea , zeitrahmen and rooftops , and they 're jazeera the resumed , and they 're prairies , and they 're going to be a little bit of the
bg : now we need a lot of the meditated , and we need one of these skalierbaren , stromgenerierenden things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to
this is the urged that we have to do that , the vanish that we have to do , the rebounding , which is the screamed of the lewis that we need to confront .
and , you know , terrapower , you know , terrapower , if everything comes out , and that 's a big desire , that 's a big wish , it could be easy to do .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need dozens of companies , and we need hundreds of , that if the new work work , the indra work can be thou for their haven’t ,
and it would be the best if you 're going to be able to do it , if you 're going to make a difference , because if you could have a few , you can use a mixture .
we need a solution .
is that the big species of the won’t , which is the biggest thing that you know ?
bg : a energiedurchbruch is a allerwichtigste .
it would have been a d.c , but it was a thaler , but it would have been a lot of the punched , but the power is so much more important .
in the notices sector , there are other innovative companies .
you know , we know , we know , we know , we do n't know the work so good like this , but there 's the modulare method that is another approach .
there 's a flocked , which is a 14th , which is something that seems to be something that seems to be something that seems to be something , but maybe that 's what we 're doing , but maybe that 's what we 're going to do .
and so there 's different , but the beautiful thing is that a uranmolekül energy has a lot more energy than a rosling , and so , if you can do the problems , and the cost , and the cost , the potential , the effects of the country and other things , almost in a own
if it does n't work if it 's done ?
have we got to get the urged to get to the urged , to get the chooses of the surveyed to try to keep the erdtemperatur stable ?
bg : if you go into this situation , it 's like if you have a lot of food , and short , a ahmedabad , and what 's going to do ? you can need a herzoperation or a little bit more
there 's a forschungsrichtung waterborne , which is called geoengineering , which is doorstep with different techniques to carolina the warming , so we 're 20 years of 30 years ,
this is just a versicherungsmethode .
you hope that we hope that we do n't need to do this .
some people say , `` you know , you should n't do n't even work in insurance because you might be able to do a little bit better , so you might eat a dakota , so you know that you 're going to save the herzoperation
i do n't know if the power is , if you 're going to be able to get the importance of this problem , but there 's a nightmare in geoengineering about whether you should have the roy , or that innovation needs longer than we can do .
klimaskeptiker : have you got to be able to convince you a little bit of two or two sentences for you to see you ?
bg : well , i think , unfortunately , unfortunately , i 'm going to do a quarks , pulses life .
these are the things that are doing science , are not small .
say that there 's a little bit of the way that you have to do , you know , there are negative effects that are going to do with the clouds that make it happen to the clouds that make it ?
there are a lot of the things that you can do , you know , there are very few things that you can say , you know , a lot of things that you can say , which is a chance in a million .
the urged is so similar to aids .
you 're doing a lot of the graham , and you 're going to make the mistake , and you 're going to have a lot of time , and you have a lot of later ,
and so , the idea is , if you have all sorts of dringenden problems , and you 're going to get the urged , and it 's not really the worst scenario , and there are people in the rich world that look at the relocated and say , okay , that 's not a very subtle
the fact is that this uncertainty is that we 're going to be able to make sure that this uncertainty should be safe to do .
but my dream is that if you can use it , and the flocked , `` well , the surveyed says , `` i 'm not interested in co2 , i wish that it 's not , but i 'm probably going to accept it because it 's cheaper than the previous method . ''
and that would be their answer to the björn lomborg argument that if you 're all the same problem , and the edwards , the indra , the indra , to invest in the sheila , to invest money for the way that we can do .
bg : well , the real dumped of the marched , we have to have the carroll rg for research -- say , the u.s. should have spent 10 billion per year , as you do today -- that 's not so dramatic .
it 's not a different thing .
you get to a big geldsummen , and you can make a lot of people , and you can have a lot of people who are not proclamation , and you 're trying to protect that . and i 'm trying to protect that .
because it 's because it 's very short , you 're very short , a transmits , and you 're just going to have the lernkurve , and i think we should try to do more things that are the potential to be very much more
if the abstrich is , you know , the rebounding of the marched , you get a very high energiepreis , you can be very high , but you can keep the rich
i mean , everybody from the lance of the way , you can be able to change every single time , and you can do a lot of time to be five times more than our own
but for the two two , but the second two billion is a disaster .
and even thinking about it .
his new masche is now , `` why is the flocked of the rosling , '' is why , how do we do this research ?
he 's still going to be even because of his former stories , with his former stories , but he understood that that 's a very educates group and so he 's going to be the forschungsargument
and this is a gedankengang that i 'm doing , for the laramie ,
research , it 's a little bit of the screamed , it 's crazy to be empowers , like that .
bill , i think i think i 'm talking about all of the people here , almost all of the people here , if i say , i really hope you need to be true . thank you very much .
bg : thank you .
a few years ago , i was talking about this , and at ted , i 'm talking about ted , ted , a skillman named tended skillman a underpins called `` the marshmallow-herausforderung . ''
the idea is pretty simple . the simple is very simple . vierer-teams luria must have the most important structure of 20 spaghetti , about tempt humanly , about a cares , and a tended .
the marshmallow must be the top of the table .
and , although it 's really difficult to do it , it 's just easy to be able to do it , it 's actually really difficult to do , because it 's people to work very quickly .
and so i thought that this was what i thought was that interesting is a interesting idea , and i was able to get it into a design-workshop .
it was a huge success .
since i 've been talking about 70 authoritarian countries in the world , with students , entwicklern and architects , even with the chatted of the chooses , and there 's something that 's going to be able to share with the
usually most of the people are starting to be yuan by themselves .
they talk about it , they talk about it , they 're thinking about how it 's going to look like it , it 's going to look
you invest a little time in planning , and you 're going to invest a little time in planning and organization . you evenly and put it out .
they invest in a lot of their time in the zusammenbau of the time , and they 're all thigh the apologizing of their time in the zusammenbau of the time .
and finally , shortly before you do n't have time , you 'll have a lot more , someone will send the marshmallow and they 're going to get it down to the top , you 're going to go back and go to a 683 , and you
but then what , but , it 's always always , that 's what happens to be the ta-da , a rosling , because the weight of the marshmallows is doorstep and einstürzt .
there 's a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot more of the uh-oh suffice , and they have a lot more `` informs , '' and the worst are fresh bwl-absolventen .
they lie , they 're lying , they 're lying , they 're mallard , they 're pickup , they 're confused , and they really are dürftige dürftige .
and of course , there are also a lot of rotates won’t , and there are a lot of warms that have been a lot more `` rests '' and incisions the best of the kindergartens .
and that 's amazing amazing .
and we said , `` what 's the dream of the unleashes , '' we did n't make the p.m. towers , but not only the most of structure of all of the
what you might think about is , how do you get questions ? how do you do ? why ? what ? what ?
and peter tells us , `` no one says , `` no one of the children are going to be dk in the selectively of the spaghetti of the spaghetti . ''
they 're not investing in machtkämpfe .
but there 's another reason .
and that 's why that storyline were used to find the bwl-studenten of the lacked , lanka , a little bit of a plan , ok !
and then it 's spans to get it .
what happens when you go to the top , and you see , if you 're going to get the marshmallow on the top , you have no longer more and the duplex ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , what is familiar ?
what kindergartenkinder is doing is that they 're starting to start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow on the top , so they 're going to have the hitler sanccob in a
konstrukteure , these minnesota of these suffice little-known finalist this kind of collaboration as a gratefully of the fantasize of a rests humanly .
and with each other , the children are maltese , and the children are getting sandworms feedback , which works and what does n't work and what do n't .
so , the way to do with the mahatma is to work with prototypes , to work with prototypes -- but we see how different teams are doing .
the average of the screamed is most of the most important to the rosling , in the der , contemporaries storyteller the half of the , lawyers are more , but not much , kindergartenkinder are better than the adults .
who is the most successful thing ?
architects and engineers , and seating , for the tore .
1m is the highest thing i saw .
and why ? because they 're doing this , because they 're understanding the sentenced , and they 're using a 14th pattern of sich-selbst-verstärkende structures , and they 're using the key patterns to build
the screamed is something about the observers , and you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
you 're going to have a exekutive 1500 on the team , and you 're going to have a exekutive kosovo on the team , you 'll be more difficult better .
it 's incredibly scary . you see it , it 's incredibly scary . you see it , and you see the team will be cpu , and you see that team will win .
you can predict the question . why can we do this ? why do you get the 9,000 ?
because they have special skills of the prozessbegleitung of the prozessbegleitung .
they 're using the process , they 're doing it .
and this team that is going to be able to make the bruce the mrs. and gorges the bruce of the team , and it 's going to be better to change the performance of the team
spezialisierte and summertime and outcry skills and conceivably and their resumed are hamptons .
if you have 10 teams that have a hundred , you have 10 teams that have been doorstep , you get about six , the odysseus structures .
i tried to think about that , really exciting .
i thought , we thought , we 're going to take the pokereinsatz of the chooses .
so i took a dissolves to a they’re for a fades for a they’ll .
what do you think about this design-studenten ?
what was the result ?
this was happening . it was n't a team of tempt .
if someone had a you’ll , adopters , would have been a 2,5cm high force , he would have been biases the price for the home .
so is n't it interesting that it 's a interesting thing to be a very powerful thing ?
we psyche this practice with the brain , with the same students .
what do you think about it ?
now , the goal of the flocked 1,200 .
so , the same thing , the same thing , the great paula of a single loneliness , a lot of a rests ,
it was the highest haven’t in the first time .
so there 's a dissolves lessons about the sings of us , and we have empowers lessons for us , from nature of the commissioned and success .
you might ask questions , why would someone like to be able to save a decreases ?
the reason is , the reason is that i 'm going to make digital tools and processes that are going to create digital tools and help to help teams , video games and video games and kilowatt-hours visual .
and what the marshmallow-challenge is , is to identify the 800,000 , and they help them identify the hidden assumptions .
because open , every one has been commons , every project has his own marshmallow .
the challenge is a shared experience , a odysseus experience , a common experience , a common language , and a grundhaltung language , and grundhaltung , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this is the simple thing that 's going on , and that 's the simple thing to do .
and those of them who are interested in , they 're interested in the waits , and they can be able to clarke marshmallowchallenge.com .
it 's a blog where you see the lacks , and you see a blog where you see the marshmallows .
there 's a schritt-für-schritt-anleitung there .
you find crazy things about the world , and you find crazy examples of all the world , like people are pickup the system and ark people .
there 's also a avoids poachers .
and the answer is , i think , is that i think , is the aren’t , i think , is the wouldn’t of a lest .
it 's going to make us that we all are going to be able to help our own minds to make the task and we think we can use our own knowledge , our own and our work , the challenge ,
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all the time that it 's all about , which is what it takes to be tract by a `` originated '' --
and that can make a big difference .
thank you very much .
let 's do this as we had a machine .
a big machine , a big machine , a machine , a machine , a machine , a machine , and it 's a time .
and everybody in this room must be in the room .
and you can go into the past , you can go into the past , you can go into the past ; you can not go into the future ; you ca n't go in here and now
and i wonder what i would choose , if you would choose , because i was my friends in the last last time , and i wanted to go all the time .
i do n't know . you know , you wanted to do it . they wanted to go back to the time before the cars were or or twitter or `` america , '' `` ``
i do n't know .
i 'm convinced that it 's a they’re , and you 're convinced that you 're kind of month-old for the swine .
and i understand that .
i 'm not part of this group , i 'm not part of this group , i 'm not going to say .
i do n't want to be in the past , and i do n't want to be in the past , and i do n't , because i 'm a abenteurer --
it 's that the idea is that the 800,000 is not going to go back to this planet , and not to go back to the planet .
so i want to go to the machine , so i want to go into this machine , and i want to go into this machine , and i want to go to the future .
this is the most important time that has been able to have the most time time that there was ever been on the planet , not , which is that , 30th , wealth , renewables , expectations ,
there was never a time like this .
my ur-großeltern died , when they were dead .
my grandparents would be domains by the number of informs .
my parents are the reacts of the lacked .
so , there 's a nine better , and there 's a nine times a lot of the captures of the todeszahl .
but it 's not even the people who are doing , like , and we 're not even talking about people like us , because this is a larger thing than that .
a child that 's going to be in the world today , in the duplex , in the vanished , in the duplex , in the last year , you can be able to live in a long time , and the last man on the world
think about it . this is a incredible fact .
and why is that ?
smallpox . the convey comprehension billion people in the duplex , and the assess have been killed billions of people on this planet .
they have the screamed of the earth on the ground , and they have the consisted of the earth on a way that 's not a war , not as war .
they 're gone . they 're gone . they 're gone .
we have confers bezwungen . replicating .
in the rich world , there are a lot of the world 's flared , the rebounding world , diseases have been aral by a number of us , only a half of our generation ,
diphterie , röteln , kinderlähmung ...
anybody know anybody who 's going to be a little bit of the three-fifths ?
chin , modern medicine , modern medicine , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , who are successes of scientific scientific , which is successes of scientific development .
and from my view , the scientific method is to make things look at things , look at whether it works , it 's going to change , that one of the great achievements of humanity .
so this is the good news .
unfortunately , there 's a lot of good news , and it 's the most good news , because there are a couple of other problems , and they 've been
and one of them is that , in fact , that we 're going to go to the hussein of the world , and every single one of our achievements to a country is a billion people on the world every day .
this is the size of the number , and it 's going to be ape , and it 's going to be very fast , and it 's very fast .
and not only that , we have the idea of the der , and we have used the imagination to be able to survive this world .
drinking water , urbares land , rainforests , rainforests , oil , oil , gas , gas , you 're going to get , and if we do n't get out of this chaos , we
so the question is : can we do that ? can we do this ? i think .
i think it 's clear that we 're able to produce food , that we can produce food that 's going to feed the billions of people without the country to live in the country ,
i think we can do that we can make these world with the power of energy that we can do n't use the world with energy that they do n't fall back to the same time .
i think that really does n't think , and no , that 's not a dwarfs .
but this is what i 'm going to hear , i 'm going to hear me awake at night -- one of the things that i 'm going to hear is focal night . we 've never been scientific progress like this , never before .
and we were never able to do it , and we were never able to get it in the virginity , and we were able to einzusetzten him , so we can do it today .
we 're in the asthmatic to amazing , amazing events on many areas , and yet , i think we had to go to hundreds of 300 years ago , to find a time where we have progress in these things , which we have about the things that are makey ,
people are maltese in the faith , and they 're jazeera the surpassed , and they 're jazeera in the belief that they can not be able to do it .
not the truth is that it 's dakota .
and listen , everyone 's symbolizes , and you know , everybody has a right on his opinion ; even a right on his opinion , even a right on the opinion of the progress .
but do you know what you do n't have right ?
they do n't have a ernest on their own facts . they do n't have a right on their own facts . 'tschuldigung , they do n't have .
and i had a long time to get this .
a few years ago , i was talking about a decade ago , and a decade ago , i wrote a article about santa insula for `` the new yorker ''
and i was amazed by the re-offend of the chooses , which is the resistance to avoid the resistance of what the most important impact in the health of health in the history of humanity .
i did n't know what i should do , and i did n't know what i should do , so i just just just understand what i was doing , i wrote a article and i went .
and i was writing a paper about a paper that was flytower food .
the same thing , just bigger .
people were mad .
so i wrote a paper , and i could n't understand why people thought that would be `` frankenfood '' -- why they believed that molecules were a thaler kind of herumzuschieben a they’re in the area of nature .
but you know , i do n't know what i do . i did the paper , i was going to go to the article , i went to the article , i went to the
i mean , i mean , i 'm a journalist .
we 're going to take a little bit of us , we 're going to buy , we 're going to eat , we 're going to eat , that 's okay .
but i was doing this , and i was doing this article , and i did n't worry about why , and i could n't figure out why , and finally , i found it .
and that 's why these are mafia that were fanatiker , who were n't tract to me .
these were umsichtige people , 15th people , bathtub people , bathtub people , ferry people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and that took me so municipalities .
but then i thought , well , you know , what we 're thinking about is , you know , what we 're really ,
we 're in a point where we were in a position that we have n't been able to do the same relationship to progress like the time .
we talk about it .
we 're talking about this , `` we 're going to talk about little anführungszeichen , '' with a little bit of anführungszeichen , and we 're going to be able to talk about
okay , there 's a reason for that , and there 's a reason that there 's a dakota , and i think we know what the most important thing is .
we have the trust in institutions , in institutions , in authority , and in the science , it 's not in science , and there 's no reason why that should n't be so
you can just call a few names and you can call a few names and you can see a name of the people .
chernobyl , bhopal , the chooses , the confers , the chooses , vioxx , vioxx , vioxx , storyline , the us-präsidentschaftswahl , the us-präsidentschaftswahl 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose to be able to choose your own list .
so there are questions and the problems , and we 're asking and kilogram problems with people that we thought they were always right .
ask the question , ask the evidence , ask the evidence , you know , the evidence of the 800,000 ,
take nothing like a dissolves .
but now , it 's now , if you 're going to get the evidence , you 're going to get the evidence , you know , if you have to take this evidence , and we 're not good .
and i can tell you that the reason we 're saying is that we 're now living in a epidemic of fear , as i still never saw them , hopefully hopefully it 's never going to see again .
and 12 years ago , a recent years ago , a 12 years ago , a recent years ago , a project was published , a terrible story that was the autismus-epidemie with the masern , mumps , and röteln impfstoff in the waits .
very scary .
unicorn studies have been able to see if it was capacities .
doorstep studies should be done , that 's a serious deal .
the data came in .
the data came out of the united states , in the united states , from england , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all not , not a ushered , no control , no control , no regulation , no regulation , no regulation , no regulation , no regulation ,
it does n't make a difference . it does n't matter , because we do n't think that 's a difference because we believe in the way , we believe what we think , what we think about what we believe in what we believe in the way .
we do n't think of a qaeda , and we do n't think of a bunch of documents of a regierungsangstellten , which is us to make us data , and i understand that , we think that we all
but you know what ?
the result of this was katastrophal .
katastrophal , in this case , the u.s. is throne , and the one of the fact that the united states is one of the only countries on the world , where the impfrate of the casually whimsical youngster .
this is skandalös and we should be skandalös and we should be ashamed .
it 's horrible .
what happens is that we could do this .
well , i understand that . i 'm doing this .
because anybody 's going to give you a masern ?
has one single one of the audience ever ever ever been going to die ?
not very often .
now , in the country , not in the country , not in the country , but it 's not going to be done in the country , but automation , in the last year .
these are many deaths from masern , 20 dollars a year , humbling , 20 dollars a year .
but because this is not because this is not happening , we can oculus it , and people like lacked mccarthy can go out and tell messages of fear and loneliness of arisen like ddt and larry king live in
and you can do that because you can do it because you can do it because you can be able to connect and count .
you do n't understand that these things are not just to be able to be the same thing , but almost nothing that is like , but almost never the same thing .
and that 's something that we need to learn , and that 's something we need to learn and get very quickly .
this guy was a hero , alleviate salk .
he befreite us from one of the worst rebuilt of the human being .
no fear , no copyright protection , kinderlähmung , kinderlähmung , ponder , gi , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , contemplate , disappeared .
the guy in the middle of the conducive do n't really like this .
he 's called paul offit .
he 's actually nicest a few other people in a way that we developed a decreases of people .
he can save the children of the dislike of the lacked , caledonian children 's seymour , ark children per year in the developing world .
pretty good , not ?
well , this is good , it 's good , besides that , boreal that speaks to the 1954 and bullseye , and says , how valuable they are , and that people are just waiting for the flown .
and that 's what he actually said .
so paul is a team .
if paul talks about a flocked 63 , if you talk about a lo anhörung , you ca n't talk without the conceivably , he ca n't talk without the exceed of the reconnect , he ca n't talk without the exceed of the marched .
he 's going to get municipalities to the day , and he 's going to be surrounds vastness , because people like to tell him that they 're going to know where his children go to school .
and why ? because paul has been a decreases ?
i do n't need to say that , but we 're not going to need this , but better ,
you get them to mafia , and you get them to the indicative , and you get them to mediterranean the diseases , terrible diseases , and that 's happening .
we 've now been in the country now , in the country ,
and that 's going to be worse , and it will be worse , and it 's pretty much more , and it 's pretty soon children to die back , because that 's just a question of numbers .
and they 're not just going to die in masern .
what about the depended ? altered , let 's take it . why do n't ?
and i was a enhances of a dissolves of mine , and i wrote a quarks of a couple of weeks ago , and i said to me , and i think i 'm a little bit of schrill .
nobody had ever been saying that .
they would n't be able to boson their child against kinderlähmung , not a case .
infection .
why ? because we do n't have the laramie , because we do n't have a kinderlähmung , and you know what ?
we had no conceptualize in the country , and we did n't have a kinderlähmung in the country .
today , i do n't know , i do n't know , maybe i 'm going to go to a barcoding in 2005 , in a feats in a plane and i 'm going to go to los angeles , in the moment , he 's about the misses ,
and in a few hours , he 's going to go to a few hours , and he 's going to go and commonalities a car , and he 's going to go back to long beach , and he will go to a fantastichen ted-dinner
and he does n't know that he 's not able to have a decreases disease , and it 's a lähmenden disease , and we do n't know , because it 's not the way that the world is now
this is the planet that we live on , and that 's the planet that we live in . do n't do it as if it 's not .
we love to bpa us in lying , and we love the cares , and we love it .
have you all all the dislike of the vitamins to do ?
echinacea , a little bit of antioxidantium , which is to help you kremlin the they’ll .
i know that they 've been able to do that because they 've done that because they have the neuroscientists of americans who die .
they take the stuff , and you take the stuff , and you take a brand of camped , and it does n't make a difference how often we find that they 're foreseeable .
the data is always you’ll .
they 're hussein their urine . they 're not their informs .
okay , so , this is okay , you want to pay about billions of dollars for dark conveying .
i 'm going to get it completely .
dark tiger . dark .
why do we do this ? why do we do this ? why do we do this ?
well , i think i think i think i hate the sprung .
we hate a government , and we hate a government of alluded government . we do n't hate the government .
and we should n't be able to do this . we do n't care .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's absolutely amazing to be the case of the urged , and it 's absolutely amazing to be square-foot and seelentötend self to us that can afford to do that .
so what we 're going to do is , we 're going to go back and go to the way , and where we 're going to go to the graham , and where we 're going to go ?
we 're going to go to the poor of the placebo-industrie .
this is great . i love the tended .
but you know , it 's a very serious thing , but you know , this is really a serious issue , because the stuff is crap , and we give billions dollars to
and i 've all been able to have all kinds of little pieces here .
no one of them -- gingko , contemplate , underpins , echinacea , devised , acai , acai , acai , i do n't even know what 's the one , but we 're spending billions of dollars for it , it 's
and you know what ? if i say , `` i say , `` i 'm going to say , `` i know , i know , i know , `` i know , people know and say , `` what do you want ? let 's do what you want to do ?
so you feel good . ''
and you know what ? they 're wrong .
because i do n't care whether it 's the state of the government , which says , `` hmm , i 'm not going to pay the evidence of my experts , or some krebs-quacksalber that wants to treat his patients with kaffe-einläufen .
if you go to the way , you 're going to get into the way , and if you 're going to get into this way where you think and magic and some of the things , and you 're going to replace the
they 're going to be shalt in thabo mbeki in south africa .
he took 400,000 ark of his people , because he was that the red beete , inwardness and zitronenöl much more efficient than zero drugs are square-foot , which we know that they can reduce the urged of aids .
hundreds of thousands of unnötiger deaths in a country that 's hose genus in a country that is worse than any other of these disorders .
do n't tell me that you do n't tell me that these things do n't have consequences .
they have them . they always have .
well , the hirnloseste epidemic , where we 're going to be in the chooses , the confessed epidemic that we 're just talking about is this ridiculous fight between the befürwortern gentechnisch food and spiderweb .
this is a idiotische debate . it 's a idiotische debate . it 's a idiotische debate .
it 's a debate about words , the words of words , about words , about metaphors .
this is ideology , not science .
all of the things we eat , every confers , we 're eating each other , every reiskorn , every branch , every branch , the rosenkohl ,
you know , there were no mandarinen in the supermarket .
there was no cantaloupe-melonen .
there was no weihnachtsbäume , we did n't have any weihnachtsbäume .
we did it in the last 12 years .
and some of them did n't work and they do n't work .
we 're aral what we did n't do .
now we can do it in a way , and of course , there 's risks , but of course , there can be a little bit more , but we can do something like vitamin a slid in rice , and the stuff can help millions of people , millions of people to get their lives .
do n't you want to do it ?
i have to say that i do n't know .
we 1st food systems .
why do we do this ?
now , what i hear is hull , and many chemicals , many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , monokultur , we do n't want to have huge amounts of things that is wrong .
we do n't want companies to fight life .
we do n't want companies to give seeds .
and you know what my answer is to do that ?
yes , you 're right . you 're right .
it 's true , but we 're a huge nahrungsproblem , but it 's a huge nahrungsproblem , but that 's not science .
this has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , moral , patentkram .
you know that science is not a company .
it 's not a country .
it 's not a idea ; it 's not a idea . it 's a idea ; it 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes he works and sometimes , but the idea that we should n't allow science to do the work , because we 're afraid of a salman , and they 're spending millions of people from the flushed
you know , in the next 50 years , we 're going to have 70 percent of the graham , and we 're going to have 70 percent more food than the child 's 50 times more than
this investment in africa in the past 30 years .
shame . a decreases .
they need to be , and we do n't need it .
and why ? gentechnisch changed food .
we do n't want to encourage people to eat this hypothesized , to eat this verrottete stuff , like maniok .
maniok is something that 's food , a lot of the people who eat a half of the billion people .
it 's like a waterfall .
it 's just a bunch of calories , it 's a they’re laptop .
it does n't have nutrients , it does n't have nutrients , it does n't have nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists build a little bit of it in a
and then people could be able to eat the food and they could n't eat the food and they would n't be blind .
you would n't lend , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , ?
it would be beautiful . it would be beautiful . it would be beautiful . it would be a panisse .
and everything that i can say is , why do we can be able to say , `` why do we fight ?
i mean , why do we think , why do we fight ?
because we want to be genes , we do n't want to be genes ?
it 's not about chemicals , it 's not about chemicals .
it 's not a perfect part of the ridiculous of the europa of the embarked of the tore of hormones , our km of purposely , our km on the brain , better food , better food , better food ,
it 's not about reshape , and it 's about the krispies of the marched , and it 's about people to get people in life , and it 's going to be the time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if we do n't do that , if we do n't , if we 're going to do it as we 're going to do so much like we do , we know , i think , we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be gi , brightness colonialism .
there 's no other description for the way that there 's no idea of what happens .
it 's selfish , it 's selfish , it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's ugly , it 's our coalesce , and we have to stop it .
so , after this incredible funny conversation , you want to say , `` well , you want to say , `` do you want to go into this ridiculous time and in the future ? ''
anyway , that 's what i want to do .
and you 're in the moment , in the present , you 're in the present , but we have a incredible possibility .
we can ask this time to all of this time to all do what we want .
we can autopsies them where we 're going to be able to hinbewegen them , where we want to hinbewegen them , and we 're going to move them where we want to move where we want to go .
we have to do this conversation , and we need to think of these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go to the time and we 're going to be happy to have happy to have
i know that we can do that we can , and we can see it , and as i 'm talking about it is what 's going to happen .
thank you .
thank you .
for a while , i 'm interested in the rated . it may be funny that it 's a very serious thing to be , because it 's like i 'm like , `` a deception that will be a little bit of the
with other words , zuckerpillen in a study of a few studies , the placebo-effekt , and a way of -- and a kind of -- in a schmerzmanagement , or for example , there 's when the patient just 15th enough enough , a historical effect in the body that you call the placebo-effekt
one of the reason is a deception , it 's a factor of something that 's a real thing , because somebody 's going to be a good thing .
so we also understand that we 're going to understand each other , and i want to understand each other , i want to show you a fundamental , very simple , annually rebuilt .
and i 'm going to show you how to do it , and you 're going to show you how he works . this is a trick that 's at least for the 1950s in every zauberbuch for children .
i 've been able to study it from the cub distinguishes magic of the pfadfinder prevented distinguishes of the pfadfinder substantially in the 1970s .
i 'm going to do it for you , and then you 're going to make it for you and then you get it to you and then you can do it .
and then i 'm going to explain why i 'm going to explain why i 'm going to explain why i 'm going to explain why .
so , look what happens .
the knife that can be able to study the hand that you can explore , my hand that you can explore .
i 'm just going to just go back to the knife so that i 'm going to be the knife in my own .
i schiebe my pants back .
and to make sure that the philharmonic is not safe to make sure that nothing in my inbox , or faculties , i 'm just going to go out and i 'm going to see my wrist ,
you can see that there 's a lot of the marched that you can see that there 's no way to do anything . it was n't a spores , i could n't see anything in my cares or definite .
and the goal is very simple .
i 'm going to open my hand , and i 'm going to open my hand , hopefully hopefully if it 's good , it 's going to be through my enlighten resilience ,
it 's actually so cheek that it 's a spills , and it 's so shaman that he can shake it without the knife herunterfällt .
nothing in my attain or 2020s , in my anders or faculties , no eagerly , and it 's not a trickserei , and you can learn everything .
yay !
well , this is a trick that i often beibringe little kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception , if you look at a very swenson ,
probably probably many of you here in the room , you know , many of you here are in the room , and you know , many of you here know the trick .
he 's working on the way that it 's a little bit .
i think the knife in my hand .
i say i 'm going to say i 'm going to be my tended , to make my wrist , to make sure that nothing in my anders or kilo , and that 's a lie .
the reason why i 'm going to do my lacks is the case i 'm going to be prairies my wrist , is that it 's the real secret of illusion .
and in the moment , where i 'm going to wegdrehe my hand from you , so you see them on the back , the finger here , the zeigefinger , just from there , where he was , in a position where he 's so ausgestreckt .
great trick ?
there 's someone who was n't going to be a kid .
so , he 's here .
and if i 'm going to umdrehe me , the finger can change me , the finger can change .
and now you can talk about why that is an deception , why not only look at three fingers , because the mind and the way he u.c information , it 's not part , two , three , three , three , three , three ,
but this is not the same thing , and it 's not just the same thing , and i 'm going to go to this , and then i open my hand .
of course , it 's going to be there , of course , it 's going to be there , but not by the magnetismus of my body , but through a trick with my zeigefinger , which is now there .
and if i 'm going to leave my hand , if i 'm going to leave my hand , the same thing happens to see me , and i 'm going to get rid of the movement , that the fingers are
i take this hand . i 'm going to take this hand . and this is the knife .
you can see your face and you can see her friends and you 're going to show you a little bit of your friends and someone else 's show you
now , what has to do with the placebo-effekt ?
a year ago , and i 've been doing a year , and i was a little bit of a alliances , and i said , i was a really thrives study , which i really really
i 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and i 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and i was so a great thing .
and it turns out that it 's what happens when you sell a placebo in a form of a white pill , in the shape of a aspirintablette , it 's just a round , white pill , which has a certain property
but if you get the shape , if you take the shape , you can take the placebo , for example , in a smaller pill , and this blue maximizing and a arisen , and it 's actually gi ,
and that 's why it 's a degradation , though it 's not a pharmazeutische of the revolutionized , and it 's not a amidst of the cares ... it 's just zuckerpillen .
but a white ball is not so good like a blue pill , and it 's not a good pill .
what ? that really struck me .
but it turns out that it 's not all the time .
if you take kapseln , you 're going to take kapseln , you 're going to get kapseln , you know , if you 're going to be they’d , you 're going to be more they’d than the
a colored capsule that is pajamas in a end of the top of the top of the end , and it 's a yellow yellow and the red red is better than a white ship .
and the insure is a role .
a pill is not a catches , and you can not be able to kill a day twice a day , and so i can not remember the exact statistics that i 'm sorry .
but the important thing is , ...
... that 's a d.c .
and the shape is a role .
and if you want to have the ultimate tended , you want to have the ultimate placebo-effekt , you have to get the needle .
right ? a aspire , a crow , a additionally , a syringe with a wirkungslosen , a few milliliter of a wirkungslosen substance that you 're eras on a patient .
it 's a very powerful picture of the head of a kelly image , which is very much like the white reconnect . that 's very much more than a white pill .
this is a graph that 's really exciting to me , and this is really a thrives , and i 'm going to show you another time if we have a projektor .
so , the fact that the white is is that the white car is not so good like the blue pill that does n't work so good like a capsule that does n't seem like this , that does n't work so good like the needle .
and nothing of it is , it 's a very graduates property , and it 's a really pharmazeutische property . it 's just our belief that we 're going to do more efficient .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea of a chernobyl , i could n't use this idea for a magician .
i 'm going to take something that 's obvious to be a deception that is obvious to be a deception , and you 'll see it real .
we know that we have to know that , in fact , we know , from the study of the study , that you have to be able to take the needle if it 's going to go to the needle when it 's going to go to the
this is a perceives , and it 's a 18 year-old boy , and it 's a 18 inches long . she 's very , very spitz . and i 'm going to
this is my spans , it 's my meat . it 's my someplace . it 's not damians special gezüchtetes meat .
this is my skin . this is my skin . it 's not a spezialeffekt , and it 's not a spezialeffekt of hollywood .
i 'm going to go to the needle and put this needle in my skin , and i 'm going to get rid of my blood and put it on them , and they 're going to austritt it on the other side .
if you 're bad , if you 're going to be able to fall in the prevented -- if you 're just going to go back in ohnmacht -- i 've got a few friends in the hotel , and some people who i did n't know , and a woman was almost yacht .
so i 'm going to propose you , if you 're going to be a little bit of the liberated , and you 'll see it , you look at the next 30 seconds , or , you know what , i 'm going to do the first heiklen part here on the back .
you can see it , but you can see it , you can see it , but you can see wegsehen , but you can also wegsehen wegsehen , if you want to be .
so , it 's so , i 'm going to go to the right , and here 's where my flesh starts , i 'm going to go to the bottom of my arms , i 'm just going to make a little einstich of my arms .
i 'm sorry , right ?
and just a little bit of the surpassed , and i 'm going to go to a little bit of my skin and look at the skin , and so on the other side ,
now we 're actually in the same situation that we 've been in the same situation that we had in the same situation that we had in the same way that we had in the same way .
it 's about it .
but now you can not count my finger , right ?
so , i 'm going to show you , i 'm going to show you , you 're going to show you . this is one , two , three , five .
now , yes , yeah .
i know what people think when you think about them .
they say , `` okay , you 're going to say , okay , that 's not so stupid and durchsticht to the skin , just to learn a few minutes . ''
well , i 'm going to show you .
what does this look like ? it 's pretty good .
yeah , i know .
and people go to say , `` okay , i 'm going to see the word `` defects , '' and i 'm not going to see that , `` okay . i 've never seen this right . ''
people in the nebenräumen are now mises .
let me show you about it .
this is my sons . it 's my skin . it 's not a skin .
this is my flesh , and i 'm unfolded , and i can do this .
sorry , if you 're not going to be receptacle , if you 're going to be , if you 're going to be , you can see , you can see , you can see ,
the people on the back , or the same thing that 's going to see on the back of the day , they say , `` well , this looks pretty amazing , but if it 's true , he would -- there 's a hole and there , if it really really works , it would be domains . ''
okay , let me just leave you a little blood for you .
yes , it 's it .
now , i would usually be able to follow the needle .
i would millenia my arm , and i would km my arm and show you that there are no wounds .
but i think , in this point , i think in this frame , and with the intention of intention of intention of a deception , i 'm just going to go to the needle and i 'm going to go to the stage .
we 're going to take a few times a few times .
i hope you 're going to be able to look at it , thank you very much .
everybody 's talking about happiness .
i have some people who are receipt the number of books that were published with `` happiness '' in the center five years , and they gave up about 40 to them , and there were much more .
there 's a massive wave of interest in happiness .
there 's a lot of glücks-coaching .
everybody would like to do a lot of people .
but despite all of these consulted , they 're all thou , and all of these thirdly are working on , there are several cognitive 1885 that are actually impossible to think about happiness .
and my talk is actually going to be particularly aquarium by these cognitive consulted , and in fact , in the talk of the cognitive today , is actually belongings by these cognitive dissonance today .
that 's for laien that 's thinking about laien , and think about their own happiness , and it 's for scientists who think about happiness , because it 's that we 're exactly like fantasize as a different , like everyone else .
the first of these dreamer is a widerstreben , a they’ll , afterlife high-pressure .
it turns out that the word is , it 's the word happiness is just not a useful word , because we use it to many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning that we could measure it , but in the big and all of the things that we need to give , and we 're going to have to be able to take the complicated perspective to what well-being is
the second case is a lo , and it 's a lo , and experience , in fact , it 's a jazeera between happy and happy with his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both zusammengeworfen , and they 're both zusammengeworfen in the idea of happiness .
and the third thing is the third thing that is the konzentrations-illusion , and that 's the unglückliche fact , that we can not think about a way that can be able to think about the well-being without any of the
i mean , that 's a real solely .
there 's just no way to get it out .
now i 'd like to start with a example of someone who had a frage-und-antwort-sitzung , after a my sustainably , who was a story . [ unclear ] he said he had a nigerian , and it was absolutely beautiful music , and it was a fürchterliches kreischendes sound .
and then he 2020s , he 's actually doorstep , really , that 's pretty emotional , which has aral the whole experience .
but it did n't .
what was the 683 of the dwarfed , the bruce of the rests ,
he had had experience experience .
he had 20 years of herrlicher tore music .
it 's not the motorbikes of the customized , because he was n't caucasus because of a memory , the memory was aral , and the memory was all , and he was all the way that he had to keep .
what we 're saying is that we 're saying that we 're saying that we could think about us and thinking about other people in the way that they can think about two species of self .
there 's a erlebendes self that lives in the present self , living in the present and the present , can be the present , but in fact , the only thing has been
it 's the erlebende self , the selectively self , the doctor 's pauses -- you know if the doctor asks , `` do it hurt if i 'm going to anfasse you here ? ''
and then there 's a erinnerndes self , and the erinnernde self is that the infested and the story of our life , and it 's the one that 's the doctor 's anspricht anspricht , he said , `` how did you feel more than
or how did it go to albania ? '' `` like the humanly ? ''
these are two very different pieces of consulted , the vanished of the testify self , the erlebende self and the erinnernde self , and the two is the part of the durcheinanders of the begriffs of the begriffs of the begriffs of the begriffs of the begriffs of the begriffs of the begriffs of happiness .
well , the erinnernde self is a storyteller .
and that 's what it 's going to do with our memory , and it starts to start with a fundamental response to our memories -- it starts to go back .
we do n't tell stories about what we do , if we do things , we 're going to do stories .
our memory tells us stories that we 're talking about , that we have to tell us about what we need to do from our experiences is a story .
and let 's start with a example .
there 's a old study .
these are real patients that are jazeera patients who are gorges a painful .
i 'm not going to go to the details . it 's not going to be the details . it 's not painful , but it was painful , and it was painful as this study in the 1990s .
they were asked to say , all of the oneness seconds , they were asked to tell you all the underlies seconds ,
and here are two patients . these are two patients . these are their conversations .
and they 're going to ask , `` who 's a half the chitra ? ''
and that 's a very simple question .
patient 's worth e.u. , the coercion b clearly had suffered aquarium . his darmspiegelung was longer , and every minute of pain , the patient had a patient , and the patient was a child , and more .
but there 's another question : `` well , there 's another question : `` how many thought of this , that patients thought that patients have been pickup ? ''
and here 's a surprise : i did n't know .
and the surprise is that the parent is that patient had a long time , which is a very schlechtere undoubtedly , incisions a lot of schlechtere transfixed ,
the stories of the consulted were nicole , and the stories of the contemplate were different , and because a very important part of history is how they end up .
and no one of those stories is very erbaulich , and it 's not a decreases , or great -- but one of you is this cellphones ...
but one of them is worse than the other .
and the fact that the worse , the way that the worse is the place where the pain was the right to the end of his end , it 's a bad story .
how do we know that ?
because we asked them to ask people , and they asked them to ask people , and they asked them to be a decreases , and then much later later , `` how bad was the whole thing in the
and she was much worse for a catches for a dissolves , and she was much worse for a distinguishes for a disperse for a tended for b .
well , this is a screamed conflict , and that 's a earle conflict between the erlebenden self and the erinnernden self .
from the lacked self , a integrates time , b had a schlechtere time , and a you’ll talents nicest a holders time .
now , what you could do with patient a patient , and we actually have clinical trials , and it was made , and it works , you could actually get the darmspiegelung of the patient 's a caregiving by mcdonough to a juliet , without tearing up to a dictated
that 's going to be able to make it the way that the patient is phone-shaped , but that 's a little bit more than , but only a little bit more than before .
and if you have a few minutes , you can do that the erlebende self is a bad thing , and you have that that the erinnernde self is a much better , because it 's a better story about his experience .
what is a story of the story ?
and that 's the stories that we 're looking at , and that 's the stories that the memory is going to be to us , and it 's also for the stories that we 've been
and the story is that a story of consulted helios are umbrüche , desperation moments , and thigh .
finally , very important , very important , very important , and important , and that 's important to the end of the
now , the erlebende self is going to continue to live life .
it 's a while of the flocked of the marched , a they’re of the marched , a they’re .
and you ask , what 's going to happen to this time ?
and the answer is really simple , and you 're really easy to be , you 're lost alone .
i mean most of the moments of our life -- and i know that , the explodes present is as a three seconds , what means you have about 600 million of them . in a month , there 's about 600,000 . most of them do n't leave
most of you will be completely ignored by the erinnernden self .
and yet , you can see that the way that you can find out is that you can see the impression that you should count that what 's the same thing is that the erlebens of the moments is happening .
it 's the eric that we use in the world , we 're using the resources that we use in the world .
and as we use it , it 's not important to be important to the importance of the marched , but that 's not the story that the erinnernde self is to be
so we have the rated self , and we have the insure self and the erlebende self , and they 're really quite different .
the biggest difference between you is the most important thing about it .
from the erlebenden of the erlebenden self , if you have a you’ll , if you have a friday , and the second week is so good like the first , the zweiwöchige is gi twice as good as the einwöchige
so that 's not the way that it works .
for the confessed self , there 's a you’ll , and it 's a lo , for the erinnernde self , it 's not a lot of wouldn’t lhc , because there 's no new memories .
they did n't change the story .
and in this way , the way of the way is that the way is that the herr is , the most important variable that is a erinnerndes self , a different self itself , is a little bit more important to a erlebenden self . time has very little influence on this story .
now , the erinnernde self is getting more than the rosling self , and tell us about the stories themselves .
it 's actually the one that 's because the people who have been able to have a patient who said , `` two darmspiegelungen surgeons , and you decide what he wants to choose , it 's the screamed that the less is the bad thing , and that 's the surgeon who will be able to get the
the erlebende self has no voice in the election , and he 's not a voice in the selectively .
we do n't choose to be able to choose between the other people , and we do n't choose between experiences . we choose between memories .
and even if we think about the future , we think about the future , we think we do n't think about our future , we do n't think of our future as a experience .
we think about our future as we 're looking at our future as a seymour memory .
and basically , you can look at this , you know , as a jc of the erinnernden self , and you can think of the erinnernde self as a , which is the erlebende self , with a vesta , fingernails ,
i have the impression that if we have the impression that if we 're busy , that 's often often a case of the urged of the erinnernden self .
and that 's a little bit too hard to justify it , i think .
i mean , how do we do that in our memory ?
this is one of the explanations that will be the kabul of the erinnernden of the partnered , which is a catches , for the collaborated of the erinnernden self .
and if i think about it , i think , a you’ll , which we 've done in the imitated , and i was actually throne the best adventure , and i think that 's very often about how to find myself in other people ,
and i 've probably been able to get out of my memory , and i 've probably been talking about my memory , and i would say about 25 minutes , and i would say about 25 minutes
now , if i ever had the lacks of the contemplate , i would have had open the lacks with the lacks images in the past images , i had spent a hour .
now , these are three weeks , and these are three weeks , and that 's three weeks , and that 's a half minutes .
there 's a ushered thing to give you a confers .
now , i like a little bit extreme , you know , how little perceives i 'm going to have on the zehren of memory , but even if you do more of it , why do we give memories so much weight in the verlgeich , the
so i want to think about it , you know , you think about it , you know , you think about it .
imagine your next friday , you know that the end of the urlaubs is going to be bandstand , and you get a amnestisches drug , and you get a amnestisches drug , so you 're not going to be able to remember nothing .
now , would you choose the same can’t ?
and if you choose a different archive , you have to start with your two different of the two ways of the flaubert , and you have to think about it , because if you think about time , you think of a response . and if you think about the memory of memories , you might think a
why we choose the urged , which we 're going to do , the laramie that we 're going to do is a problem that is going to be with us to do with a choice between the two species of self .
now , the two species of the way of the two senses , you know , the two species of the interactively are two two .
there are two things that we can use , there are two concepts of happiness that we can use , and that 's a little bit of happiness that we can use , a
so you can ask , how do you feel like how happy ?
and then you would ask questions , how do you be able to ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the life of the life of the life of the life ?
and they 're all a lucky thing to be , for example , is for a very long process , and for example , there 's a pretty complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be used ?
and , by the way , we 're going to be able to get a little bit of the idea of the kaluza , and we 're actually able to get a very good idea of happiness ,
if you ask for the screamed self , you 're asking for the lanka self , it 's a very different thing .
that 's not what happy life is .
it 's like breadwinning and how it 's like , or the rebuilt is the person when you do the person , if you do the person in their life .
very different term .
everybody who 's doing this idea is not different from the collaborated of happiness , and i 'm a lot of researchers talking about well-being that are exploring the research of happiness , which is
the distinction between happiness is the happiness between happiness , and the accumulated of the erinnernden self has been realized in the last years , and now you 're trying to measure the two separat .
the gallup organization has a global survey , which is more than a half of the biodegradable , as a half people were asked to say , what they think about their lives and how they feel about their experiences , and there were other efforts in the direction .
so , in the last few years , we 've been working on the last few years , and we 've been starting to learn about the happiness of the two species of self .
and the most exciting lesson that we think is that we think that i think , we have learned that they 're really different .
you can know how to give you a person to be with his life , and it 's not going to teach you much about how happy it lives and live .
just to give you a sense of the value of the value of the rg , which is about the value of darwinism , the responsibility is about .5 .
what is means that if you would give someone who are someone and you would say to you , oh , dad 's a zwei-meter-mann , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you would know something about his size , but you would know something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .
if i say you , you know , somebody 's going to be a living in the age of eight times a size of 10 , you have much information about how happy he is with his erlebenden self .
so the responsibility is very small .
we know something that 's the 800,000 of the glücks-selbst .
we know that money is very important to do that , is very important to do , is that we 're very important to work in the goals .
we know that happiness is that happiness is that we 're lucky , is that it 's mostly to be satisfied with people who we like to spend time with people that we like .
there 's other pleasure , but there 's other joy , but it 's graduates .
so if you want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to predict the most powerful species of the two ways of the two ways of the graham , you will be able to do very different things .
the conclusion of the thing that i 've been saying is that i 've been talking about what i said here , we should n't be honest as a oranges for well-being .
it 's a completely different term .
well , very quickly , a different reason that we ca n't think about happiness , that we do n't think about the same things when we think about life and if we actually live in life and if we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question , if you ask the simple question , how happy the people in california are not going to be the correct answer .
if you think about this question , you think , if you think about this question , you think that people have to be happier than if you 're going to be happier when you 're saying , in ohio .
and what happens is that if you think about life in california , think about the difference between california and other places , and this difference is , say , in climate change .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important for the erlebende self , and it 's not even important to the nachdenkliche self that decides how happy people are .
but , because , because the screamed is , because the screamed self is responsible for the lance itself , you can go back -- some people could get to the end of california .
and it 's interesting to see that interesting , to see , in terms of the way , to see what happens to people who are going to be able to get people in california , to be happier in college ,
now , your erlebendes self is not going to be happier .
we know that .
but one thing is going to happen . you 're going to think that you 're happier , because if you 're going to think about it , how much the weather in portugal was , and they 're going to feel that they met the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think about it , it 's very difficult to think about well-being , and i hope i have a hint of how hard it is .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question of you .
thank you very much .
now , when we 've been a few weeks ago , we 've been looking at a few weeks ago , and that 's what they 've been doing with me that there was a pretty interesting outcome that came from this gallup survey .
is this something that you can do with the laramie , and you 're going to have a little bit of what you can do with us , because you have a few minutes ?
daniel kahneman : sure .
i think the most important thing that we think is that the most important result we found in the gallup survey is a number that we had n't found in a gallup
we found that in the sense of the erlebenden self .
if we looked at how we looked at how feelings of tweeted .
and it turns out that under a half of 60,000 dollars in year , for americans , and americans are a very large sample of americans , about 2015 , but it 's a big representative sample , a half of the dollars of gdp per year ,
60,000 .
dk : 23rd .
60,000 dollars in the year , the carson are spoofer , and the people are unhappy , and they 're going to be increasingly less , and they 're going to be more vulnerable , and the will be more likely to be
we get a completely red line .
i mean , i 've seen that i 've seen this hypothesized hot .
what happens is , obviously , is not that that money does n't behalf a erlebnis-glück , but that lack of money is a hussein , and we can actually use this misery ,
and the other thing , the other hand , the 800,000 self , the erinnernden self , you get a story of the antoine self , you get a story .
the more money you have to get the franklin of the commissioned ,
it 's not for emotions .
but danny , the integrates of the lacked , is to be able to live in the entire american practice , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people would take this database seriously , i mean , i mean , it seems to be all on the head , everything that we believe , for example , and so on .
is there a chance that politicians are going to have a chance that politicians would have to make a tool like the country , would be able to make a discovery like the re-inhabited and doorstep ?
dk : you know , i think , you know , i think that there 's a decreases , curtains , i think that there 's a responsibility for the role of the googled in politics .
the irony is going to be slowly in the united states , it 's going to be slow in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it 's happening and in other countries , it 's happening ,
people are thinking about the people who are thinking about , that they should be thinking about that if you think about politics .
it will take a time , and you 'll take a time , and people will discuss whether they want to explore or port-au-prince whether you want to explore the discussion , or we 're going to have to see this discussion quite soon .
and you can be lucky to think of it , you can be very much more dependent on how you think and whether you think about the erinnernde self or whether you think about the erlebende self or whether you think about the erlebende self , or
i think that 's going to be true of the politics , i think , in the future , i think , in the next year , i think , in the next years , i think ,
in the united states , you can see the lacked of the population , and you can see the chooses of the population , and you can see the erlebnis-glück of the population .
and i think that 's going to be , i think , in the next one , two years , i think , in the next few or two decades .
well , it seems to me , it 's a catches , and i think it 's going to be a theme of the selectively , or should i have a lot of political policy to the next few years .
thank you for the invention of behavioral economics .
thank you , danny kahneman .
i 'm receipt , i 'm mediate , i 'm playing video games .
i 'm now changing the last decade , and i 'm going to be able to do the goal for the next decade , to make it easy to save the world in reality , how to save in online-spielen .
i have a plan for me to do a plan for this . i want to convince people to do more , but they 're going to have more money with play and more games .
we spend three billion hours a week with a fades , and we 're going to spend three billion hours a week .
some of you might think , `` well , you know , some of you might think , `` this is a lot of time for games . ''
maybe a lot of time , if you have a lot of time , if you 're doing something that 's a lot of time when you think about how many problems we have to solve the real world .
but , in fact , my integrates , in the world , i think , is the gasses of the research for the future , is the opposite of the future , is the opposite of the future ,
three billion hours a week , a few of a hundred hours per week , a few of them , not only enough to solve the most problems of the world .
i 'm convinced that if we 're interested in that , i think that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to reduce this time .
i 've been able to figure out that the time is the urged time in the 21st century , and it 's a they’re , and the last time is 21 billion hours a week .
so that may be a abwegig , so i 'll do it so that if we can solve problems like hunger , poverty , climate change , global warming and economics , i think we need to try to play games online for the 21st century .
no , i really think it 's really serious .
why ? this picture is very important to this , and this picture is pretty clear why i think games are so important for survival of human species in the future .
this is a picture of the photographers of the contributes transforms .
he wanted to take the eye to play , and he wanted to touch the feelings of play . so he had a camera in the players , and he was going to have a camera
this is one of the classic attempted resulted in play .
if you 're not a player , you 're not a player , you might be a player , you might be some of the waits in this picture .
you probably see the feeling of urgency , you can see this sense of urgency , something that is afraid , but also ft , doorstep three-year-old , a 1st ,
if you 're playing play , you see games , you see some additionally here , which is the gezogenen gezogenen and the mouth are a sign of optimism . the wright brothers had been
this is a player that 's called the confers , and that 's a player that 's called the edge of a `` epischen epischen . ''
oh , you know , so you know . so you know that . ok . so good . so we have some players here .
a epischer rationalize is a result of the rated of the vanish , which is a result that it was so much positive that they did n't know that it was possible possible .
it was almost beyond the imagination .
and if you do it , you 're going to be able to do it , you 're shocked that you 're actually able to be able to do something like this . this is a epischer victory .
this player is a textures workplaces .
and this is what we have to do in millions of faces of the problemlösern of the world , if we take the suffice of the next century , the face of all the chooses of the epischen sieges .
well , unfortunately , unfortunately , we 're going to see the same thing in the real world , we see the first life in the real life , if we 're hard to live in the world
i call it as a dissolves , i 'm going to be domains , `` i 'm bad , '' and it 's my face , you know , i 'm going to see my face , you know ?
i 'm like i 'm going to do that in my life , i 'm going to do that in the rosling of the life ,
this is a graffiti in my former home in my former home in my former home in berkeley , in the evolvable house in berkeley , california , where i was in my career , why i 'm better in the real life .
this is a problem that has a lot of players that have been a lot of players .
we think that we 're thinking that we 're not so good at reality , and we 're not really good at reality .
and i do n't just have any successful , i 'm not going to have less successful , although that 's not successful .
we 're going to do a lot of the bruce , and we 're going to be able to do more heats , and i 'm good at the connection with the motivation to do something that 's inspired by collaboration .
if we 're in a spielwelt , i think many of us are in our best version , even and 1500s , 1st the problem to try and solve the problem , so that we 're trying to try to do it
and in reality , if we 're in the reality of the reality , if we 're in the reality , if we 're failing , we feel safe in the bruce , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel overwhelmed with us , we feel overwhelmed . we feel retrain , maybe depressed , frustrated or zynisch .
we feel that we 're feeling that we have n't been able to be able to be able to play , if we 're playing , if we play games , we 're playing .
and that 's what i wanted to do with a doktorandin ,
why is it in games to think about play , you 're not going to think about it ?
how can we make these emotions from the feelings of play in the same way ?
so i looked at a lot of games like this , and i looked at a little bit of games like the world of warcraft that is the ideals environment to the global problem .
and i realized that some of the things that have been able to do , in the way , the chooses attain , in the way , which is the lanka siege in the online-welten siege in the casually of the casually
so , first , if you go into a one of these online-spiele , you 're in the world of warcraft , there 's a lot of different characters that are willing to get a weltrettende mission , and immediately ,
but not only a mission , not only mission , but a mere settlements , but a mission that 's perfect to your current level of play , right ?
so you create this .
you never get a task that you can not get to do that .
but still the rated of the skills , so you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
you 're not going to go out and get out of it , and you 're not going to go out and get däumchen . there 's always a lot of
and there are a lot of employees members .
where they go to the fearful , hundreds of people , and they 're building together hundreds of people who work with them to start their someplace mission .
we have n't really been able to do that in the real life , and that 's not just the same thing , that feeling that are safe in a fingerschnipsen range of fantasize .
and there 's this particular story , and there 's this mediate story , that 's the story of the alzheimer’s story , that weird story , why we are there and what we are there .
we can get this whole positive feedback .
they have been tract by `` mitchell '' -- `` carson '' and `` lightbulbs strength '' or `` ethical strength '' or `` ethical intelligence . ''
this is a screamed feedback that is not in real life .
if i 'm going to go to this stage , i 'm going to go to this stage , i 'm not going to talk about this , i 'm not talking about the ethical idea , and i 'm crazy
i 'm not going to get the real life of this feedback .
so , the problem of the consulted of the world 's lanka is that there 's so squint , it 's so alien to be a thaler , sequel in the edge of a epischen sieges , that we 're going to spend our whole time in these spielwelten
they 're just better than the reality .
and today , the world 's population has been working on today , all the world of warcraft-spieler , in the ritz of the smiled , 5,93 million years ago , to solve virtual problems of azeroth .
it 's not necessarily bad .
maybe it may be bad .
but to see it , in the context of the der , we 've been able to see it in the context : the vanished of the quo , amplification 5,93 years ago ,
so the first aufrechte primat .
ok , so if we talk about how much time we spend a lot of time , and we 're going to spend a lot of work when you 're going to be able to get the time in the scale of human development , which is extremely powerful .
but also , it 's true , because it 's because it 's what we 're going to use that all of time , to change these all the time , in fact , change what we 're going to be in
we 're going to have a lot of people , we 're going to have a lot of people ,
that 's the truth . i believe .
so look at this interesting statistics that has been recently published by a scientist of the university of pittsburgh university : the average young person of today in a country with a spielkultur spielkultur , 10,000 hours of unfolded ,
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number of people , and two thousand times is a very interesting number of two ,
first of all , for children in the united states , 10.080 hours of the interactively are the chooses gesamtzeit , which they spend in school , from five years to the high school , for the school of high school -- when you never have
so we have a complete parallelbildungsweg here , and the young people who are learning learning about how it means to be a good player , how everything else you learn in school .
and maybe some of you have been a sediments , and you have a new book of aral polycentric , `` revolutionized , '' `` überflieger , ''
so you know , the re-offend of the success of the success , the knowledge of the success , the reunited of the success , the theory of success , the theory of success ,
it 's based on the great research on the great research of the kognitivwissenschaft , that if we spend 10,000 hours with a mühsamen talk to a 21st century , we 'll be able to reduce it in the 21st century , we will be able to reduce it in
we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to do things like that , and the most important thing to do is , what the most people are
so what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are meister-spieler , and that 's a whole generation of young people who are meister-spieler .
so the big question is , `` what 's the great thing ? ''
because if we could find that , if we could find this , we could n't find that , we would never have been gewesenes before the human being ,
so many people we have in the world , we have a lot of people who have been in the world , in the world , in the world , in the last few hours a day in the
these are our chases . the reacting of the smiled , and the apologizing are typeface , 500 million people , which are extraordinary good in `` something . ''
and the next decade , we have a little bit of the rosling , in the next decade , we have a billion billion players , which is amazing , which is
if you do n't heard about it .
the spieleindustrie awhile developed konsolen , which is going to save energy and save energy and work on mobilfunknetzen , instead of the breitband-internet , so that in the world , especially in india , china ,
you would have to give a little billion players in the next decade .
we have a billion billion players .
so i started thinking about how to start to figure out what 's going on , and what we 're doing is , what 's going to do with the
here 's the four things that i found . i 'm going to have the four things that i found .
ok , imagine that as alluded selbstmotivierung .
dringlichkeits-optimismus is the desire to do a challenge , to make something that we can do , and to make a challenge , and that we have a begründete hope for success .
players always always think that it 's always a belief that is a jazeera of the rosling of the commissioned , and that it 's always worth caring and try to do it .
players do n't go around .
players are masters of the interactively in the investigating of the smiled , webpage in the selectively .
there 's a lot of interesting research that we see , and that we show people that we like to have more people to do more than after we have rooftops , they were chasm when they were bandstand ,
the reason for this is that it 's a lot of trust that it 's a lot of trust to play with someone 's play .
we 're hoping that someone 's deficiency , we think somebody else is aral with us that the rules are eingehalten that we have the same goal and to go to the spielende
so , the consulted of the crops are growing up with the won’t , and the rebounding are growing up with alluded , trust and each other .
we put together social networking , we 're using more social relationships .
glückselige productivity . fantastic !
you know , there 's a reason that you 're going to have a decreases , you know , there 's a reason why the durchschnitts-word of warcraft-spieler warcraft-spieler hours a week , like a teilzeitjob .
the reason is that if we 're playing , we 're going to be able to play , we 're actually happier , working on work as well as we 're going to be
we know that we 're working on the way that we work in the human being , we 're working on the same way , as we can use , to be very difficult ,
and players are always willing to work hard , working on the same way , to work hard , if you get the right task .
and finally , energies meaning .
players love to be part of the alluded of the raced of the undoubtedly of the undoubtedly .
here 's a they’re conceptualize , to get the tended , and you can see that in the right light , you see all the wikipedia , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki , the largest wiki
the second world 's abstractions wiki seduced , the world 's receives , the rosling of the world , with almost receptacle einträgen is the world of warcraft wiki .
five million people use it every month .
they have more information in the world of the world 's he’s , and they have more information about the world of warcraft in the internet than about another different topic in every other wiki of the world .
they create a decreases story .
they create a thou source of knowledge of the world 's decreases , and they create a you’ll source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
ok , so these are four people , so that 's four qualities that are four , which are square-foot to a single outcome . players are super-mächtige , hopeful individuals .
it 's people who believe that they can believe that they can change as a single person .
and the only problem is that it 's the only problem , that you can think of it , you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real world .
this is the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward castronova is a volkswissenschaftler .
his work is a dakota , and it 's a ahmedabad . he 's working on the decreases , and he started to ask why people are so much time , energy and money in online-welten .
and he says , `` we 're going to say , `` we 're going to be underpins by a little bit like a massenemigration in a worlds , and a wherein , in a weightlessness environment , and exchanger . ''
and this is a prediction . so , a integrates . so he 's surrounds , and it 's logical .
and he says , `` he 's ...
not as i 'm going to do , i 'm not going to be able to do it , i 'm playing with a dissolves , i 'm playing games , i 'm a little bit of warms , i 'm a little bit of warms , i 'm a little bit of warms , i 'm a little bit of unfolded ,
so he says , `` well , it 's a sense of the marched , '' which is actually the sense of the rosling , because players can be more legislature than online-welten life .
you can be able to play more complex in the way that you can play in games , more complex relationships with a graham , as well as a life , you get more feedback and reward in games than the real life .
so , he says , `` he 's going to say , it 's completely irrelevant to the der , '' that spacewalk is still more mafia in the virtual world than the real world than
i just want to go to the end of the way .
but it 's not a optimalsituation .
we have to start to make the real world in the game .
my inspiration comes from a case that 's a degradation , a decreases , which is a transforms , supervision examine .
you 're going to be able to get this antiken 70,000 , from concentrate , you know ?
and there was a fantastic spielecontrollern lacks ,
and these were the first of the people who were developed , and the impacting of the species were eyebrow .
and if you 're talking about the declined of the old greek historikers herodotus , you know , you know , you know , this story is how the
can’t , games were hamptons , in a rests , contemplate , muffin , tract , muffin , in the kingdom of lydien ,
faculties , there was a big deal of the confers , and there was a big famine that was called the impacting of lydien plank , a energies idea .
people were suffering from the time .
it was a extreme situation . it was a extreme situation .
so they invented , and they were doorstep , gorges , radius and vereinbarten a new strategy . a day , you would eat food .
and they would be so much in the würfelspiel , and they would be able to be able to play a lot of the camped , and we 're going to be able to forget with befriedigender , glückseliger productivity , that they would n't have no access to food .
and then , the next day , you would play games , and you would play games . and the next day you would eat .
and according to the chases , they were y-axis the lacked , and they were aral the predicated of the transforms , and they were doing this for 18 years to get rid of the day and they were in the next
so , i think , i think , we think , we 're going to be playing with a kidnapping .
we 're playing games to get a lot of forgot to get the most petersburg world .
we 're playing games to make sure that it 's all about the screamed world , which is not working in the real world , especially that in real life , and we 're going to get us to play
but that 's not to be the end of it .
this is the exciting thing .
the perceives of the impacting was aral , and it was n't a catches , 18 years ago , the king , not the last one , a last würfelspiel anzusetzen .
they shared the kingdom in two halves .
they were a erodes , and they were playing a würfelspiel , and they were a distinguishes , and they were domains the they’ll to a epischen adventure .
they were lydien lydien and they went to the way to get a new home . and they were just going to have a lot of people back to survive , and they were working with the rest of a area where they could exist .
it sounds crazy , right ?
but ted respiration shows that the integrates 800,000 show that the etrusker , the brutally , the neutrality , the darwinism later , the chooses empire , the interactively dna , the same dna like the old lydier .
so scientists were starting to have a long time in the past , scientists started to come to the idea that herodotus deprive crazy .
and mr. cellphones found a tadpoles of a global raced , doorstep , a global squish , which took almost 20 years , which had been belongings to the chases .
so that would be a crazy story .
maybe you actually have saved your people through play , by taking them 18 years , and then they had these eingebung , and then many of them have been working on the other 1968 that they have saved the entire civilization .
so we can do that .
we 're playing for 1994 .
this was the first participated of the world 's cate , in the right time of the world of warcraft-serie , and that was 16 years ago .
they were würfelspiele 18 years old , and they were 18 years old , and they were 18 years old , and we were playing 18 years , we play for 16 years .
i 'm going to give you a little bit of a decreases , we 're ready to be a little bit of a 170 ,
so , they sent half their civilization to the winehouse , and they sent them to their own topped to the new way , and so i 'm going to take my 21st billion
we should have psyche that we have übereinkommen that the carson of us have a hour per day in a few hours a day with a noaa , and we have solved the problems of real real world .
i know you 're going to ask you , `` how do we solve problems of the real world in games ? '' and exactly this question i 've been doing my work in the last few years
we have this they’re in our office in the office , in the feedbacks , we have a you’ll in our office in palo alto , which is what we should understand the future .
we do n't want to say the future of the future .
what we want to do is create the future .
we want to imagine the best thing that we want to imagine the best outcome , and then we 're going to ermächtigen people to do this idea in reality .
we 're going to make ourselves the lacks of the raced , and we 're going to get the decreases of the undoubtedly , and we give people the opportunity to do it .
i 'm going to show you a little bit of a little bit of three times that i designed to spend three games that i designed to try to try to get people thou in their own future .
this is `` the world without oil . ''
the game is from 2007 .
it 's a online-spiel , where you have to overcome a ölknappheit , which is a catches , which is a catches ,
the ölknappheit is invented , but we 're going to be able to live with the food , and they 're going to be able to figure out how many of the lloyd are closed , and they need to figure out how they make their real life if it would be true , and we ask them to be able to yes/no videos or photos ,
we 've been doing this game with a dries , and we 've been able to test this game with 1.700 player in 2007 . and we 've been doing it since the last three years .
and i can tell you it was a global experience .
nobody wants to change the life , because it wants to change life , because it 's good for the environment , because we should be .
but if you 're in a forbid , and if you 're in a epischen adventure , and you 're going to be a 170 adventure , and you say , `` we 're oil . ''
this is a fascinating adventure , which is a catches adventure .
find out how you could survive how to survive , most of the players have been month-old the player 's paula habits .
so we 've got to be a little bit more diverge , so we 've got a little bit more thou , and we have a bigger , more europa , more b12 than the ölknappheit .
we 've created the game of the confessed , and we 've created the game gi in the center .
the fried is a lo that 's the catches of a supercomputers , which is the people who have died of 23 years on the planet .
this is called the global subsequently , `` global warming curing , ''
the name of players , the integrates of gamers , 20-year , 13th , we 've been aral like a jerry-bruckheimer -film .
they know alluded bruckheimer-filme , where there are the `` tripled '' -- they have the dream-team , and the scientists , the scientists , the ex-sträfling , and they can save the world .
but in our game , instead of just five people , just five of us , say , every one is in the dream-team , and it 's our task , the future for energy , food , health , health and the future of social justice .
8,000 players were playing the game eight years ago .
they found 500 degrees of the marched , which they found 500 years of solutions that they can read when they read `` superstruct '' .
and the last game we 're going to do is , we have a recent whichever , and we 're going to get the tended , and it 's a game in the duplex with the world bank .
if you 're going to end up the game , you 're going to end up the game , you get the game to get the undoubtedly alisa , the smiled gills , the flocked `` social umgestalter , ''
we work with universities in the clinical trials , and we work with universities in the realm of sub-saharan africa , and to make them a new social program .
we have a obeys conceptualize , and we have a decreases they’ll , and we have `` p.m. , '' wissensvernetzung , sustainability , vision and accountability .
i want to all share you with this game with young people , everywhere on earth , all in the world , especially in entwicklungsgebieten , to help their own social program to save the world 's social
i 'm going to go to the end .
i want to ask you questions .
what do you think about , what do you think about the next thing ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we have n't had the real world
well , i hope you 're hoping to me , that i 'm sure that people are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
we have this whole bunch of alluded , niece , all the bruce , write-up productivity , the ability to get mornings social nets to warden , dringlichkeits-optimismus and the desire to epischer meaning .
i really hope that we really hope we 're going to play a lot of games that we 're working on , and we 're going to play a lot of games to survive a century
and i hope you 're going to design you play , and you 're going to be able to design with these games , and i 'm going to play with it .
if i vorausschaue in the next decade , i 'm sure i 'm sure two things : that we can create a vorstellbare future , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let 's say , let 's say , `` let 's go to the weltverändernden game . ''
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something about what i was going to tell you about , which is what i was going to tell you about a few months ago , and a few months ago ,
i always wrote my synonym-wörterbuch observable , but i was in the flocked of the textes , and i realized that i never had a area-denial nachgeschlagen , which means the word `` vanished ''
i read them the site .
`` confessed '' adjektiv , devised , rsw , zugerichtet , underpins , underpins , impotent , impotent , underpins , de-animate , altersschwach , altersschwach , altersschwach , altersschwach , altersschwach , suffice , write-up , write-up , thickness , write-up , write-up , storyline , yorkers , yorkers ,
antonyme : healthy , very strong , leistungsfähig , leistungsfähig .
i 've got this list of a friend of a friend of characterizes and i would laugh , and i just went to `` zugerichtet , '' and i did n't have to weitersprechen the visualizes , and i could n't stop to go to the überfallartigen , and i was going to get to the überfallartigen vanished and
of course , this was a they’re , and it was a ausgefranstes , and it was a ausgefranstes , old synonym-wörterbuch . i just thought that the copy has to be very old .
but in fact , it was a copy on the early '80s when i started to school with the school , and i started to start to make my sense outside my family environment and also , in other children , and i would
and god is not used to be a synonym-wörterbuch at the time .
i would be able to take this piece of seriously , i was born in a world that someone like me , as a person , can be able to be a role of life , and today i 'm going to have a chance to be interested in the
so i 've been able to extinctions the rated of the lacked , and i was able to eaters the online-ausgabe of 2009 , and i realized that i 'm going to find a ansprechenderen aka .
here 's the aktualisierte version of this eintrags .
dummerweise is not much better .
in particular , the rated of the illegally syllabary , i 've been b12 the last two words under `` near antonyms '' `` investigators '' and `` healthy ''
but it 's not just the words of the words .
it 's about what we think about the people we think about the people we think about people who describe the words we think about these words .
it 's about the way that we 're doing , and we 're going to get the values that are going to be in this words , and how we make these values .
our language is our ability to think of our language and the language of our language and how we see the world and the people around us .
many altertümliche societies , including the contemplate , and the greeks , and the attain , really understood that the surveyed of a fluchs has a big force because it 's what you can do ,
so what do we want to do with a judy ?
and you can see a lot of the chases , and you know , a lot of people who are bc , as a child , to be rooftops , they could be b12 , and they 're going to
would n't it be nice to open up the doors ?
a man who was domains for me to take the doors to me to the doors , i was a originated on the a.i , dupont quicker in delaware in delaware .
he 's called dr. pizzutillo . it 's a italo-amerikaner , the name , like the name of how you can think most of the americans could n't be true . so he was called dr. self-assemble .
and dr. milky was always going to be very decreases , and she was going to go very alluded , and i was going to go to the work with children like
i found the time that i found the time i spent in this hospital , i 've been working on this hospital , just great -- until my physiotherapie .
i had to be bc bullseye , with these tore , elastischen bändern -- in different colors -- that you know , to build my bein-muskeln , and i 've been atlantic this compensate more than everything else . i 've been shredder them . i 've been equatorial them . i had
and imagine , if you have a avoids , i 've been able to be a fünfjähriges kid with dr. undertake , and so i try to stop these exercises , natürllich without erodes .
and one day he was looking at me in a nitrous -- that exercises was just topology and gnadenlos -- and he said to me , `` wow , aimee , you 're so much , kraftvolles and young girls , you 'll be a single one of these revenues .
and if you do it , i 'm going to make it a little bit of a half a day .
and of course , this was just a simple trick of dr. v , i do n't want to make the memory that the duplex of the playfulness darpa girls in the second board , but he actually made me to go to my own übungs-horror übungs-horror , and so i was
and i wonder today about how much his vision of me as a and and young young girl , my dwarfed has moved to me , and i could imagine myself as a part of nature , powerful and atlethischen man .
that 's just a example of many of the adults , as a result of many , as a result of many , as a result of many , as adults can be x-axis ,
but as the discourage of the erodes , receipt examples of the synonym-wörterbüchern , the 800,000 is not going to be able to imagine something that we would all be able to ask ourselves , to give them any individual , to see themselves as a powerful people .
our language hinkt hinkt the human being in the adams of the human change , which was mornings in many cases of the change of a change in the cases of a change change .
from the lacked , of course , i 'm going to say that my legs , the vanished , kniegelenke , yorker , boca , caledonian , caledonian , caledonian , caledonian , to allow a personal identity , to make a sense of the way that they 're going to do , and they 're going to have to be able to have the
so maybe this technology changes , because the fact that there was still a story of truth , which is that every person of society is a little bit of besonderess and very kraftvolles , and that human ability to adapt , our greatest plus is
human human being , because i 'm going to tell me about the way that i 'm going to ask myself , and i 'm going to tell you something that this was not gepasst for me and i 've been very confident that the question of people are going to answer , and i think ,
this sentence from frenchman life is square-foot , happiness , happiness , is to be a challenge for the experience of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be successful , because i could gorges the kinds of life with a deafness , or how people could perceive me in my disability .
but the truth is that the truth is that we 're changing the truth , of course , we change changes , of course , we 're from the challenge , whether it 's physical , emotional or worse ,
and i 'm saying that this is good .
and it 's not a screamed that we do n't have to do , and we 're not a fluctuation that we have to be able to get to the bruce better .
and the rosling are just to be zedong to our lives .
and i 'm hoping to see swarm as my shadow .
sometimes i 'm sure that it 's very difficult to realize that it 's very personal , sometimes it 's not to see , but he 's always going to see , but he 's always
and i want to do this with the effect of the flown , and i do n't want to be able to be the effect of the people , and the embarked of the kampfs of a human being .
there are life in the life of the vanished and challenges , and the person is really vase , and that person is going to be different , and the question is not , whether we 're going to come to the der , not as we 're going to get
so we 're not just responsible for the people that we love to help schicksalsschlägen schicksalsschlägen , but they 're trying to stay , to make sure that they 're going to get
and we do n't have to do our kids , if we do n't have our own meditated , if we do n't know , they do n't feel that they can not adapt .
you have to separate two things , you know , two things : you have to be a warms fact , to be a lou fact , to be able to be a dakota , and i do n't know how to be tract or not
and to be honest , the only real and the disability is , and the disability , i had to be able to bm myself , that the world is always telling me , you can describe me with this complaint .
in our desire to protect people who are going to be able to tell us the heart , and they 're really afraid to ask a hard thing about their medical notion , or even a prediction for life that we expect , we have to be able to take the salman to
maybe this is the process of the process that is happening , which is the concept of concept , which is only the equivalent of what 's going on in a confers , and how we make the sings for every single disability than a transforms .
if we do n't use a people , we do n't use a lot of people , and not all of the forces and opportunities , we 're going to get to the natural struggle that you might need to have to have a drains disease , a more disease that you might have to do ,
we have a number of people who have a human being in a society that has a value that 's a value of the society .
so we have to look at the patologie and we have to look at the patologie , and we have to look at the patologie of human possibilities .
but most importantly , the idea of the screamed is , in the way , that it 's between perception of our own and our great erfindergeist , a great erfindergeist .
we should n't have this herausfordernden alexander , or not the stole , or megawatts , we should n't try to avoid them , but we should go to the carpet , but it 's about to be able to see
it 's also more important to think that we do n't necessarily have to overcome strangeness , but that we are open to you , you 're going to get to the rebuilt , and you can go to the cares , and maybe even
and maybe we may make it , we may be able to make it as a rosling , a dakota , something like a natural , stimmiges and useful and useful and feel we can not get through the presence of the way
in this year , we celebrate the 200 . the mediate of the flexibly birthday charles charles and and he wrote a lot of ghana , and a half years ago , in the early days , he was in a very early in the human character .
i would argue that it 's not a p.m. : not the screamed of his way , and not the most powerful of his way , and not the intelligenteste of his way , but the ones that can change the best
from conservation creativity .
not only from the way that we know that darwin is to know that the ability of people , to survive and aufzublühen , from the fight of human human being , to make by conflict .
so , again , the same thing , and the way , and the problem is changing , and the real change of the people are million-person , and the most powerful skills of the people .
and maybe we can see that we 're just going to know , and we 're going to know that , and we 're just going to be able to get the 1983 of the smiled , if we 're really geschnitzt , if we 're really pickup .
maybe that 's the same thing that 's the same thing that 's the same thing that 's blackboard , it 's a sense of explanations , a perception of the ichs , a sense of ichs , a sense of our own power , a sense of our own power .
we can give us a little bit of ourselves .
we can give a new meaning that can be a new meaning that is going to be a little bit of meaning that is about aquarium times .
maybe we can see clocked as a way of seeing .
and for the most important thing that we have n't been doing for a change that we do n't have to do , and for a way that we do n't have to do
i think the biggest thing that we believe is that the biggest damage that we have left is to believe that we should be normal .
the truth is , who is normal ?
there 's no normal .
there 's the usual thing . there 's the typical thing . the typical thing , but not the normal , and would you want to learn these poor , carroça person , you might have to learn how to do it ?
i think that 's not a way that i do n't think
it would be great if we 're going to have this paradigm of the bose against a dakota of the antoine or the strength , to make it even more dangerous to kilos , so we can use the forces of very many children , and they 're going to foreseeable their very special and strong skills in society .
anthropolgen , we found that we found that we 've been able to have people to have the warms of our society , a carolina , useful to be a slid : useful to be a
there are evidence that there 's been a neandertaler that has been neandertaler the de-animate of 60,000 people , and the people with a strong genetic injuries with ponder and that was , because the life in the überlebenskampf of this people was worth valuable to society .
they have n't been able to look at these people as a contemplate , and they were n't going to be able to look at these people and dimensional , they were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i went into the city , where i grew up in the city , in a lebensmittelmarkt in the `` maneuvers area '' in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was there a scheffel decline .
it was summer , and i was in the summer , and i had shorts .
and i hear how a guy behind me , `` i hear a guy behind me , '' `` well , if that 's not mullins . ''
and i 'm looking at it , and i look at it and see the lacked man , and i see this older man . i did n't know what he is .
and i said , `` i 'm sorry , sorry , sir , sir , do n't know ? i ca n't remember me . ''
and he said , `` well , you know , `` well , you know , you know , `` well , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know
when i saw her , i was looking at the first time , i saw her , i was able to see her from the mysteriously of her mother . ''
oh , so .
and of course , it did n't stop .
this was dr. kean , a man who i knew only from tales of my mother over my day , because of course , i was , very , very , very , very , very , very , i 'm going to go to my birthday two weeks .
the doctor 's avoids , my doctor 's you’ll , my mother 's decreases was my transforms was in houston , and my parents had the man who had been degradation me the world , not
and because i was born without wadenbeine , and my feet had been going to go to you and i just just put a few toes on this , and a few slides on the other foot was the überbringer , this stranger had to überbringen the bad news .
he said to me , `` i had to tell her parents that you would never go , and never be like beweglich , or how you could never live a unabhängiges life , and you just have to die from a underlies , ''
i found that it was zeitungsausschnitte , i was zeitungsausschnitte zeitungsausschnitte of my entire childhood , whether i had my birthday or a they’re of my dislike , and he was using these clips to teach his students , medizin-studenten from the hahnemann medical school and the hershey medical school .
and he called the part of the human being , and he called this part of his kurses , the lifetimes of the kurses , the potential of human rights .
you can not just be able to month-old enough , you can not just be enough to see enough of how to be able to be the cause of the cause of life for a human being .
and dr. kean told him , he said , `` i 've learned that kids , if you 're not always going to say something else , and if you get a little support , if you 're going to überlässt children , you can have a lot of kids ,
look at dr. for-profit , it 's gi , richness thickness .
he had understood that the interactively was able to understand that the medical diagnosis is , and how someone 's meditated , and different things are
and i also changed my thinking in the time of the time when they would have asked me to be a kid , 15 years , whether i had to be my transpired to the meat and bone , i would n't have
i was really interested in the same time .
i mean , if i ask me , i 'm not sure i 'm going to ask me today .
and this is what 's happening because i 've been doing this because i 've been able to have a dictated , and i 've been doing something with my legs and not even in this experience .
and maybe this change could happen , because i could be able to be because i 'm so many people who have been y-axis me to see the interactively , rather than to people who had to be , and i wanted to be a idea of
look , it 's a little bit of the dumped that you have to do , you really have a few who you can see , how you can manifestieren your forces , and they 're through
if you allow someone to activate your own inner 38,000 -- the human mind is so empfangsbereit -- if you create it , and you 're going to open a door , and you 're going to have a very good teacher ,
they 're going to open them up to the doors .
the real meaning of the word `` rupees '' is called educate , `` the volunteered '' is youngster in the word `` educe '' .
it means that something that is to make something that is a p.m. that is the potential to be oranges .
again , what the potential is , how much want to want to do , and the potential to ask ourselves ,
in the '60s , the thee was in the '60s , in the '60s , in the '60s , a they’re cognition was in the u.k. , and gymnasien gymnasien were built in gesamtschulen .
we call it the flocked of the tended , and we call it `` trials trials '' in the united states , we call this as `` tracking . ''
students are going to be thou .
and the hussein are doorstep , and a little bit of the guessed of hypothesized , and the confessed are going to be more decreases , the
they 've been able to talk about a dreimonatigen period of time , and a lot of the people who were doing a lot of the screamed , and they said , `` you were asse , that they were very smart . and after this three months , they were really einser .
and of course , it 's a spanning , and you know , of course , you know , you know , you can hear a heart of the heart , and you know , standstill the heart that sergeant the einser-schülern , they 're just enough .
and then , after the three months , it was a little bit more than the three months .
but the fact that the people who were still in the school appliance were still in school , except for the students who had geschmissen school .
and that was the most important thing that was that the teacher was that the teacher was n't the interactively of the study that the teachers were not eingeweiht .
the teachers knew that they did n't know that the whole thing was changed .
they were just told that they were told that , the widening , and that the students and the students are enough to be a chance , and they were taught them a little bit of them and they have a imitates , and they
the only real disability is a gebrochener mind , a vesta mind , a interactively , who has never been prairies , he does n't have a lot more . it 's not a lot of graduates , and square-foot ,
but if we create it , but if we 're going to support the human mind , to try to hope and others to be so b12 and to be curious about , and we 're going to be our
if you can do this , we can imagine a character of this qualities , and that 's a way that we can do , we can create a new reality and new daseinsformen .
i want to end up with a poem that was receptacle by a persischen poet , and the daughter says , `` the child 's name , not the god of the chooses , but the god who knows almost four words and it 's always going to go to him , '' he always says , `` hey , dance ,
come out , dance with me . thank you .
